---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 235
number: 235
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 235
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5diXyxdnBEr7Yak1KF1NlG?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Meditation is more than just breathing exercises and mental tools. Meditation is resting into a space in your heart.

This is a place of safety, acceptance, and renewal.

It's a place where you can reconnect with your Creator. Today as you meditate, Allow yourself to enter that place of renewal and rest with God.

Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body,

allowing the body to relax into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment. To consider this verse,

leave your troubles with the Lord and He will defend you.

And again, leave your troubles with the Lord and He will defend you.

With a gradual ease, take a nice big breath. Be intentional with the breath. Big, deep inhales.

And nice, long exhales.

Relax and settle into your body.

With each breath, allow the muscles to soften and let go.

Feel that sense of gravity and weight in the body.

You're just uncovering the natural calm. that's always accessible through God.

Now, with ease, bring your awareness to the sounds in the room.

Just listening to the sounds with easy curiosity.

Not placing judgment on the sounds, just noticing the sounds and accepting them as they are. As part of this practice.

If the thoughts take you away, it's okay. When you notice the thoughts, gently bring your awareness back to the sounds.

Just noticing and listening.

Now, for a moment or two, let your awareness go where it wants to go.

Now, bring your attention to the way it feels when you breathe.

Feel the stomach and the chest rise with each inhale,

and feel the body relax with each exhale.

In through the nose, feel the body expand, and then slowly exhale.

Let the breath be natural. Let the breath be natural. Naturally relax the body.

Allow the face and the neck to soften.

Allow the forehead to relax and the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Relax the body and allow the chair to hold the body up.

Just relaxing and letting the body unwind.

Simply let go.

Take this verse with you. Leave your troubles with the Lord and he will defend you.

When it feels easy, bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

