---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 240
number: 240
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 240
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/38GrXFrOTyYoc5kMP5V3NB?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
It's natural to feel like you're doing life alone. It may even feel like God isn't with you. Often people feel this way because they're running through life. When we're moving fast, it's hard to connect with God or with others. Slow down. Rest. Renew your spirit.

When you do this, it becomes easier to feel God's presence in your life.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

God's spirit now lives in you, and he will raise you to life by his spirit.

And again, God's spirit now lives in you, and he will raise you to life by his spirit.

Now, bring your awareness to the feelings you brought with you today.

Just taking note of your emotions. and accepting them as they are.

Begin to take a few nice, big breaths.

With each exhale, you're relaxing and letting those feelings go.

Stressful situations are a part of life, but you are stronger than those feelings.

Just relaxing and appreciating the breath.

On your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale, and two on the exhale. Three on the next inhale, and four on the exhale. Counting up to ten, and then starting over again.

Allow your breath to bring life into your body.

Let your breath remind you of God's calming presence in your life.

Now, slowly begin to take some deep breaths, allowing the body to open.

Let the breath relax any areas of tightness in the body.

Consciously start to turn the muscles off.

Start with the muscles in the feet and the legs.

Allow the feet to be heavy on the floor.

Allow the chest and the back to open so the breathing can become deep and natural.

Soften the shoulders. Allow them to fall away from the ears.

Let the head fall. And come heavy at the neck.

Feel the weight of the body and how it pushes you down into the chair.

When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness to the sound of your breath.

Not changing anything about the breath. Just noticing it.

Listening to the gentle rhythm the inhales, and exhales,

filling the body up with fresh air

and then slowly exhaling and letting go.

Let your mind be still.

Take this verse with you. God's spirit now lives in you and he will raise you to life by his spirit.

Gently bring your awareness Back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch and sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care, and we'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

