---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 115
number: 115
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 115
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0M73DYyjQsnmXdsROKE2U6?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
By nature, we are self centered. Even our prayers to God often sound like one way conversations. The way to break out of this self centered habit is to consciously take the time to withdraw ourselves from the pace and noise of life. This is how we begin to make space to experience God. This is how we become aware of His presence.

Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body.

allowing the body to relax into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. My soul, relax. The Lord is caring for you.

And again. My soul, relax. The Lord is caring for you.

With a gradual ease, take a nice big breath.

Be intentional with the breath.

Big deep inhales and nice long exhales.

Relax and settle into your body.

With each breath, allow the muscles to soften. and let go.

Feel that sense of gravity and weight in the body.

You're just uncovering the natural calm that's always accessible through God.

Now, with ease, bring your awareness to the sounds in the room.

Just listening to the sounds with an easy curiosity.

Not placing judgment on the sounds, just noticing the sounds and accepting them as part of this practice.

If the thoughts take you away, it's okay. When you notice the thoughts, gently bring your awareness back to the sounds.

Just noticing and listening.

Now, for a moment or two, let your awareness go where it wants to go.

Now, bring your attention to the way it feels when you breathe.

Feel the stomach and the chest rise with each inhale

and feel the body relax with each exhale.

In through the nose. Feel the body expand and then slowly exhale.

Let the breath be natural. Let the breath naturally relax the body.

Allow the face and the neck to soften.

Allow the forehead to relax and the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Relax the body. and allow the chair to hold the body up,

just relaxing and letting the body unwind.

Simply let go.

Take this verse with you. My soul, relax. The Lord is caring for you.

When it feels easy, bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths. and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

