---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 61
number: 61
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 61
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/15kezrzGTe0hS7mXCplXrh?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When we're worried about meeting an upcoming deadline, our mind can sometimes run wild. We can get a little carried away, and sometimes our reaction can be worse than the deadline itself. I think when we feel this way, it's important to remember that these emotions don't do much to help us. They're a natural reaction to our circumstances, but they don't make things any easier.

When you feel like this, just acknowledge those feelings for what they are. Just feelings. Take a deep breath in and let it go. Relax and be easy with yourself. Okay, let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair. And when you're ready, take a few nice, deep breaths and allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. So here's what I've learned through it all. Leave all your cares and anxieties at the feet of the Lord, and measureless grace will strengthen you.

And again, so here's what I've learned through it all. Leave all your cares and anxieties at the feet of the Lord, and measureless grace will Leave all your cares and anxieties at the feet of the Lord, and measureless grace will strengthen you.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly

And then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, let it go, release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your Creator who loves you.

Deep breath, in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

With a gentle curiosity, begin to notice the breath.

Make the breath deep and full of life. Allow that fresh air. to fill up the lungs and then relax the body as you exhale.

Let your body become heavy as your mind continues to relax. You are exactly where you need to be.

And now, come to the heartbeat, maybe even listen for its rhythm,

just relaxing and releasing.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it's easy, bring your awareness back to the heartbeat.

Just listen to your heartbeat and the gentle sound of your breath.

Let your breath act as an anchor to this moment and this practice.

With each breath, Allow yourself to rest further into the calm of God's love.

Take this verse with you, so here's what I've learned through it all. Leave all your cares and anxieties at the feet of the Lord, and measureless grace will strengthen you.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel? I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

