---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 211
number: 211
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 211
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3bYW8xVGDEQtSnPzYZTxo7?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
As you rest in silence today, notice your emotions. Step back and just notice. Whatever you're feeling is okay and natural. We're all human and we all live in a state of changing emotions. Remember, emotions and thoughts come and go. If you're struggling with a thought, Let go and give it up to God. You don't have to fight them.

Just notice them and let them go.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair. And when you're ready, take a few nice, deep breaths and allow your eyes slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. My soul is quiet and waits for God alone. He is the one who saves me.

And again. My soul is quiet and waits for God alone. He is the one who saves me.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice and easy.

Let the breath settle and become natural. And bring your attention to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it. Just becoming aware of your body. and your surroundings.

Notice the air on the skin.

Feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out, deepening the

inhales and extending the exhales, letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Let's begin to take note of how the body is feeling.

Not really thinking too much about it. Just letting go of those feelings of tightness and tension.

When it feels comfortable, take a few deep breaths

in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Deep breath in, expanding the body. And filling the chest up,

and exhale, feeling the chest fall, and let go.

Take another big, deep breath in, and control the exhale, letting it take twice as long as the inhale.

With each breath, allow the tension to melt away from the body.

Now, allow your breath to take up a natural rhythm.

Let the gentle sound of your breathing relax your mind.

There is no way to do this wrong. Just an easy, effortless awareness.

Letting go.

Take this verse with you.

Many people are suffering, crushed by the weight of their troubles. But the Lord is a refuge for them. A safe place they can run to.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel? I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

