---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 64
number: 64
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 64
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/64oryCnzLQo6uyyyBNF3CC?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Good relationships are built on two way communication, with both parties sharing and listening. You can think about listening as being open and present. And so many times, when we feel distant from God, you It's because we're occupied with distracting thoughts and feelings. It's usually because we aren't giving our awareness time to slow down and really let God speak to our heart.

As we begin today's meditation, let yourself really slow down and allow God into your heart.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable. Taking a few nice, Big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Before you trust, you have to listen.

And again, before you trust, you have to listen.

Now, bring your attention to the way it feels. When you breathe,

feel the stomach and the chest. Rise with each inhale

and feel the body relax with each exhale.

In through the nose, feel the body expand and then slowly exhale.

Let the breath be natural. Let the breath naturally relax the body.

Allow the face to relax. and the neck to soften.

Allow the forehead to relax and the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Relax the body and allow the chair to hold the body up,

just relaxing. and letting the body unwind.

Simply let go.

Now, take a moment to be grateful for this opportunity to relax.

Notice how good it feels just to be here in this moment.

When it feels natural, begin to deepen the breath.

Let go of your worries and focus your attention on the breath.

Nothing else matters right now. You are here. There is nothing to do but relax.

Allow your body to honor the natural calm given by God's presence.

Just listening to the breath, noticing the rise and the fall of the chest.

Deep breath in, expanding the body. And then exhale, letting your awareness rest.

Take another deep breath as you feel your lungs expand,

and exhale, following the air back out through the mouth.

The thoughts may take you away, and that's okay.

With each breath, effortlessly, rest into the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. Before you trust, you have to listen.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow With hope, mindfulness, and prayer, remember, be easy with yourself.

