---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 225
number: 225
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 225
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/45YN5mzCkfZEqnlDVC7uqP?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Life is a journey. We're wired to focus on destinations, but rarely are we focused on the journey.

After we get to a destination, we just look down the road toward our next one. But we forget to appreciate where we are. In always looking for the next thing, we lose sight of the beauty in this moment. Today as you meditate, allow yourself to slow down and enjoy the journey.

Let's start by taking a few nice deep breaths.

As your breath begins to relax your body, allow your eyes to close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse,

trust in the Lord. With all your heart, do not depend on your own understanding.

And again, trust in the Lord with all your heart. Do not depend on your own understanding.

Bring your attention to any tightness in the body.

Just noticing how the body feels.

Start by relaxing the hands. Letting go of any tension in the hands.

Allow the arms to totally relax. Letting go at the elbows and the wrists.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Let the legs become heavy.

Allow the muscles to completely let go.

Let your body totally relax and release.

And now, if it feels comfortable, take a big, deep breath, letting the air fill up the body.

Feel the chest rise on the inhale

and fall on the exhale.

Notice how the breath changes the way the body feels.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and just allow yourself to be.

Now, let's take some nice deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Just noticing and observing the breath.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are and then gently Come back to the feeling of the breath.

Long, deep inhale, then a slow, controlled exhale. Allow

the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place. where you feel loved.

Feel that natural peace in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Take this verse with you. Trust in the Lord with all your heart. Do not depend on your own understanding.

When it feels easy, bring your attention to God's presence. Back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

