---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 161
number: 161
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 161
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1SsvOaoBJKt0MfOEoadvUC?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
It's a common misconception to think that prayer and meditation are about forgetting your problems. This couldn't be further from the truth. Prayer and meditation teach you to recognize thoughts and emotions for what they are. They're just thoughts and emotions. They aren't your reality. They're your interpretation of reality.

And that can always change. It's slowly accepting that there is only so much in your control. It's making space for Jesus to speak in your life.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair.

And when you're ready, take a few nice deep breaths. And allow your eyes to slowly close.

As your body begins to settle, take a moment to consider this verse.

Be still and know that I am God.

And again, be still and know that I am God.

When it feels natural. Let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath, allow the body to become softer and more relaxed,

almost like a wave of relaxation washing over the body.

The breath fills up the body, and then it gives way to that natural relaxation. That's right under the surface.

Now let's turn our awareness to how the body feels.

Just examining the body with an easy curiosity.

Allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms. And allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen as your awareness rests deeper.

Just relaxing and releasing.

You are here and everything is okay. God is with you.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and allow yourself to simply be.

Gently, bring your awareness to any sensations you're feeling.

Just noticing the sensations on the body.

Maybe it's the air on the skin or the weight of the body in the chair.

Just noticing and welcoming these sensations as part of the meditation.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest as you breathe.

Follow the breath. And notice how it changes your body.

The inhales, expanding the body and filling it up with life. And the exhales, relaxing the body, letting go.

Follow the breath as it comes in through the nose and then goes back out through the mouth.

You don't have to do anything. It's natural and effortless. Your body knows how to relax.

You are simply unearthing the calm that was already there.

This is a safe place of love and deep rest.

Allow your mind to take refuge in God.

Take this verse with you. Be still and know that I am God.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel?

I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

