---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 60
number: 60
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 60
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Meditation is a natural process of resting into the experience of your life. You begin to view your life differently than you did before. As you become more present, you begin to notice things that you were not aware of before. By meditating, your perspective begins to change the way you see your world.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few nice deep breaths. Deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

The Lord will guide you continually. You will be like a well watered garden, like an ever flowing spring.

And again. The Lord will guide you continually. You will be like a well watered garden, like an ever flowing spring.

Now, bring your awareness to the feelings you brought with you today.

Just taking note of your emotions and accepting them as they are,

begin to take a few nice, big breaths. With each exhale,

You're relaxing and letting those feelings go.

Stressful situations are a part of life, but you are stronger than those feelings.

Just relaxing and appreciating the breath.

On your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale, two on the exhale, and On the exhale, three on the next inhale, and four on the exhale, counting up to 10 and then starting over again.

Allow your breath to bring life into your body. Let

your breath remind you of God's calming presence in your life.

Now, slowly begin to take some deep breaths, allowing the body to open.

Let the breath relax any areas of tightness in the body.

Consciously, start to turn the muscles off.

Start with the muscles in the feet and the legs.

Allow the feet to relax. What is the um, uh, Um, uh, life. What is the um, uh, Um, uh, life. to open so the breathing can become deep and natural.

Soften the shoulders, allow them to fall away from the ears.

Let the head fall and become heavy at the neck.

Feel the weight of the body. and how it pushes you down into the chair.

When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness to the sound of your breath,

not changing anything about the breath, just noticing it,

listening to the gentle rhythm of the inhales and exhales,

filling the body up with fresh air.

And then slowly exhaling and letting go.

Let your mind be still.

Take this verse with you. The Lord will guide you continually. You'll be like a well watered garden like an ever flowing spring.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing, and when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch and sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care. And we'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

