---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 218
number: 218
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 218
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5HbCSftAhjlduu2v64XFzR?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Today, as you prepare to meditate, I encourage you to let go of your expectations of how you thought life was supposed to be. Holding on to the way things were supposed to be will prevent you from enjoying how things are.

Letting go allows God to replace what you expected with something better.

Go ahead and get comfortable in your position. Really allowing the body to relax.

And when you feel ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

Do not be afraid or discouraged. For the Lord will personally go ahead of you. He will be with you. He will neither fail you nor abandon you.

And again, do not be afraid or discouraged, for the Lord will personally go ahead of you. He will be with you. He will neither fail you nor abandon you.

Now. Bring your attention to the way it feels when you breathe.

Feel the stomach and the chest rise with each inhale,

and feel the body relax with each exhale.

In through the nose, feel the body expand, and then slowly exhale.

Let the breath be natural. Let the breath naturally relax the body.

Allow the face and the neck to soften.

Allow the forehead to relax and the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Relax the body and allow the chair to hold the body up.

Just relaxing. And letting the body unwind.

Simply let go.

Now, bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness, or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly, bring your attention to those areas of tightness, and relax them, piece by piece.

Feel the weight. of your body in the chair.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice Deep breaths.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

Take this verse with you. Do not be afraid or discouraged, for the Lord will personally go ahead of you. He will be with you. He will neither fail you nor abandon you.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

