---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 255
number: 255
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 255
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/395zhgA5gvBlbjfMWE3e8p?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
In today's fast paced world, we're beginning to lose the idea of growth. Most things don't happen overnight. Whether it's repairing a broken relationship or finding purpose in your life, don't be discouraged if you aren't seeing results.

As long as you're doing what needs to be done, you will grow and change.

As you meditate today, rest in the knowledge that you are growing.

Let's begin by allowing the body to become heavy.

And as you begin to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

God's kingdom is like an acorn that a farmer plants. It is quite small as seeds go, but in the course of years, God's it grows into a huge oak tree.

And again, God's kingdom is like an acorn that a farmer plants. It is quite small as seeds go, but in the course of years, it grows into a huge oak tree.

Now, let's take some nice deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Just noticing and observing the breath, watching the rise and fall. and the fall of the chest.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are and then gently come back to the feeling of the breath.

Long, deep inhale. Then a slow, controlled exhale.

Allow the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place where you feel loved.

Feel that natural peace in God's presence.

Remember. When you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

Allow your inhales to fill the body up.

And then, totally relax the body on the exhale.

Notice how your breath changes the way your body feels.

And on your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale, and two on the exhale. Three on the next inhale, and four on the next exhale. Counting up to ten, and then starting over again.

If you lose track of the breath, it's okay. Just start over again, counting from one.

There is nowhere to go, nowhere to be. We are just here, counting the breath.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax and become natural.

And now for a moment or two, let your mind relax.

Take this verse with you. God's kingdom is like an acorn that a farmer plants. It is quite small a seed to go, but in the course of years it grows into a huge oak tree.

When it feels easy, bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

