---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 57
number: 57
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 57
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
It's so easy to judge others. In fact, it's a natural part of life. Discernment is part of navigating life. But as we go through life, remember that God's will is for us to love others. Let God's love guide your thoughts and actions today. Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable. Taking a few nice, big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. God sent His Son into the world. He did not send Him to judge the world guilty, but to save the world through Him.

And again, God sent His Son into the world. He did not send Him to judge the world guilty, But to save the world through him.

As you relax, allow God's presence of peace to wash over you.

Let your breath fill your body and relax your muscles.

As your breath relaxes your body, bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Just noticing the quiet rhythm. of your heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to calm your mind,

to relax your body.

Let go of any feelings of stress or worry.

God is taking care of you.

Allow those feelings to go.

You are safe here,

and if thoughts take you away, That's okay. Be easy with the thoughts. Just remember, you can always come back to the breath and the heartbeat.

Let yourself relax and allow God to speak to your heart.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths in,

really making a point to expand the body. And expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle, allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body is tight, or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. God sent his Son into the world. He did not send him to judge the world guilty, but to save the world through him.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

