---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 183
number: 183
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 183
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4AJRGU05Rictheb3QkCfcq?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Every morning when you wake up, you get to define success for yourself. The world often defines success as money or status, but true success is so much more. Success can be a great relationship, or being a loving parent, or even showing up for a friend in need. Or maybe just getting out of bed. Success is something that changes through the seasons of your life, as you go about your day.

Try letting go of what you think success should be, and embrace what success is for you in your life. Remember, God loves you just as you are. Okay, let's begin by consciously relaxing the body. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

As your body begins to settle, take a moment to consider this verse, The Lord created you.

And again. The Lord created you.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm. Effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Feel your feet on the floor and the weight of your body in the chair.

Now, gently bring your attention to your emotions,

just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them as an observer.

Remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to bubble up and out.

Remember, today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

With an easy awareness, bring your attention to the space in the room.

Just noticing the space with an easy curiosity.

Notice your place in the room.

Feel the air on your skin.

Listen to the sounds in the room.

Maybe it's quiet in the room, maybe it's not. Both are okay.

You're just listening. and welcoming the sounds as part of the exercise.

Not wishing to change the sounds, just accepting the sounds as they are.

When it feels natural, slowly bring your awareness to the breath. Allow

your breath to be a reminder to stay in this present moment.

If your mind begins to wander, you can always come back to the feeling of the breath.

Relax and let your body honor the natural calm that only comes from the presence of a loving God.

Take this verse with you. The Lord created you.

Allow your awareness to slowly come back to your body and when it feels natural, begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair. Maybe you want to stretch a little bit. Do whatever feels good. Take a moment. to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

