---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 129
number: 129
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 129
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/7aCTcsISOCcpAzNZRt6new?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
The natural state of our mind is usually daydreaming, worrying, planning, judging or anticipating. We're continually jumping from one thought to another, from one emotion to another. As we learn to simply observe our thoughts and not engage in them, we become less distracted and more open to experience the present moment.

Simply observe your thoughts. Try not to engage in them. As we do this, we become less distracted and more open to experience the present moment. We become more open to the love and presence of God in our life.

Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body,

allowing the body to relax into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, Allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

I am leaving you with a gift, peace of mind and heart. And the peace I give is a gift the world cannot give.

Again, I am leaving you with a gift, peace of mind and heart. And the peace I give is a gift the world cannot give.

Now, bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly, bring your attention to those areas of tightness and relax them piece by piece.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths.

Inhale, feel the chest rise, and exhale, feel the chest fall.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

With a gentle ease, let's go ahead and take a nice deep breath.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

Allow your inhales to fill the body up

and then totally relax the body. on the exhale.

Notice how your breath changes the way your body feels.

And on your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale, and two on the exhale. Three on the next inhale, and four on the next exhale. Counting up to ten. Then starting over again.

If you lose track of the breath, it's okay. Just start over again. Counting from one,

there is nowhere to go. Nowhere to be. We are just here counting the breath.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax. and become natural.

And now for a moment or two, let your mind relax.

Take this verse with you.

I am leaving you with a gift, peace of mind and heart. And the peace I give is a gift the world cannot give.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

