---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 31
number: 31
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 31
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3p0INYVW3jOF0Yy3YGRdpt?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Stories of virtue and love awaken our better half. They touch that part of us that wants to be better. These stories give us a vision of who and what we can become. As we meditate on the presence of God, think about the character and nature of Jesus. He is our model. We become our better selves. When we love as he loves, remind yourself of that as you settle into this meditation.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair.

And when you're ready, take a few nice deep breaths and allow your eyes to slowly close.

As your body begins to settle, take a moment to consider this verse. I am the vine and you are the branches. If you stay joined to me and I to you, you will produce plenty of fruit.

And again, I am the vine and you are the branches. If you stay joined to me and I to you, you will produce plenty of fruit.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice and easy.

Let the breath settle and become natural and bring your attention to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it, Just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Notice the air on the skin.

Feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space. Almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out, deepening the

inhales. and extending the exhales, letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Let's begin to take note of how the body is feeling,

not really thinking too much about it, just letting go of those feelings of tightness and tension.

When it feels comfortable, take a few deep breaths

in through the nose And out through the mouth.

Deep breath in, expanding the body, and filling the chest up.

And exhale, feeling the chest fall, and let go.

Take another big, deep breath in, and control the exhale, letting it take twice as long as the inhale.

With each breath, allow the tension to melt away from the body.

Now, allow your breath to take up a natural rhythm.

Let the gentle sound of your breathing relax your mind.

There is no way to do this wrong. Just an easy, effortless awareness.

Letting go.

Take this verse with you. I am the vine and you are the branches. If you stay joined to me and I to you, you will produce plenty of fruit.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body and when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel? I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time. With hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

