---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 36
number: 36
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 36
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5h00wbM8H3F2UE5BTRfjcC?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Some days, peace and serenity come to us naturally, and we feel totally lined up with God's presence. Other days, our minds are totally occupied by thoughts. Now this is normal. When it happens, be easy with your thoughts. When you do this, You open yourself up to experience God's love. Think about that today and see how it changes the way you feel.

Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse for God alone. My soul waits in silence. From him comes my salvation.

And again, for God alone, my soul waits in silence. From him comes my salvation.

When it feels natural, let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath, allow the body to become softer and more relaxed,

almost like a wave. Um, Uh, Um, Uh, Um, Uh, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um, Um,

Allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms and allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen as your awareness rests deeper.

Just relaxing and releasing.

You are here. and everything is okay. God is with you.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and allow yourself to simply be.

Now, let's take some nice, deep breaths, in through the nose and out through the mouth,

just noticing. and observing the breath, watching the rise and the fall of the chest.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are and then gently come back to the feeling. of the breath.

Long, deep inhale, then a slow, controlled exhale. Allow

the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place where you feel love,

feel that natural peace. in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Take this verse with you. For God alone my soul waits in silence. From Him comes my salvation.

Softly, begin to bring your awareness back to the body, back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, Slowly open your eyes and take a big deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

