---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 16
number: 16
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 16
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Meditation is one of those things that is simple, but it requires trust in the process. Give yourself time to grow and change, and above all else, be easy with yourself. Wherever you are in the process, allow yourself to enjoy the practice as it is in this moment. So relax and enjoy the journey. The more you meditate, the better it gets.

Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax. And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse. May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be pleasing in your sight.

And again, may the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be pleasing in your sight.

When it feels natural, begin to consciously relax the body.

Release the tension in your hands.

Let the shoulders relax and fall away from the ears.

Allow the neck to relax and let go.

Take a big, deep breath in.

Release your stress. Let go of your frustrations.

If your mind is full of thoughts, it's okay.

When it feels natural, just come back feeling of the breath.

We aren't holding on to the thoughts. We're just noticing them and letting them go.

Bring your awareness to the way your body feels.

Notice how your breath relaxes the body.

Allow that natural rhythm of your breath calm your body.

Not trying to change anything, just accepting the body the way it is.

Allow yourself to relax in the loving presence of God.

Now bring your attention to the position of the body.

Make sure you can breathe in an open and natural way.

Allow the chest to open and take a few nice, Deep breaths.

Let the breath fill the body up with life.

With each breath, you're bringing your awareness into this moment.

Relax and allow God to speak to you in the way that he wants.

Let your thoughts go and allow your awareness to rest in this moment.

If your thoughts wander off, that's okay. It's natural for the thoughts to drift.

As best you can, leave those thoughts right where they are and come back to that feeling of your body.

Our feelings and emotions can distract us from the natural calm of God's love.

There isn't anything to discover. It's always been there.

This is a safe place. God loves you.

Take this verse with you. May the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be pleasing in your sight.

Softly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take a big deep breath in. Take a moment. to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

