---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 35
number: 35
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 35
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Our minds are often occupied by thoughts of the past and plans for the future. We play these scenarios over and over again in our mind. These thoughts take us away from the present moment and disconnect us from what matters most. Life is only found in the present. Remind yourself of that as you go about your day.

Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body,

allowing the body to relax into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. I focus on this one thing, forgetting the past and looking forward to what lies ahead.

And again, I focus on this one thing, forgetting the past and looking forward to what lies ahead.

Bring your attention to any emotions. You're carrying with you,

not engaging with your feelings, just noticing them,

almost like you're observing your emotions. and then letting them go.

Just like loosening your grip, you're letting go of those feelings.

Let God handle whatever is out of your control.

This is a place of acceptance and safety. You can always Find rest in God.

Now, begin to notice how your body feels.

When it feels comfortable, begin to consciously relax the body.

Scanning down from your head to your toes, release any areas of tension in the body.

Surrender all of your stress. and all of your responsibilities, and just let your mind rest.

You are safe. God is looking out for you.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily. and effortlessly.

And then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here, in this moment.

This is all that matters, right now.

Whenever you need to let go of, let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day. with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your Creator who loves you.

Deep breath in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you. I focus on this one thing, forgetting the past and looking forward to what lies ahead.

When it feels easy. Bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

