---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 173
number: 173
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 173
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3BmrqGXkTNkFrj6UrcCohD?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When we're going through something painful, one of the best gifts you can receive is a friend who's been through something similar. Someone that understands exactly how you're feeling. As you meditate today, allow yourself to rest with God and be thankful for the friends who make us feel heard and understood.

Let's start by taking a few nice, deep breaths.

As your breath begins to relax your body, allow your eyes to close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse. Even when I walk through the darkest valley, I will not be afraid. for you are close beside me.

And again, even when I walk through the darkest valley, I will not be afraid for you are close beside me

with an easy awareness. Bring your attention to the space in the room,

just noticing the space. With an easy curiosity.

Notice your place in the room.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

Feel the air on your skin.

Listen to the sounds in the room.

Maybe it's quiet in the room. Maybe it's not. Both are okay.

You're just listening. and welcoming the sounds as part of the exercise.

Not wishing to change the sounds, just accepting the sounds as they are.

When it feels natural, slowly bring your awareness to the breath.

Allow your breath to be a reminder to stay in this present moment.

If your mind begins to wander, You can always come back to the feeling of the breath.

Relax and let your body honor the natural calm that only comes from the presence of a loving God.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath.

Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in and then taking twice as long. on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly

and then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your creator who loves you.

Deep breath in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you. Even when I walk through the darkest valley, I will not be afraid, for you are close beside me.

Allow your awareness to slowly come back to your body, and when it feels natural, begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair. Maybe you want to stretch a little bit. Do whatever feels good. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

