---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 56
number: 56
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 56
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
When practicing mindfulness, we often will talk about accepting things as they are. It's important to remember that acceptance doesn't mean you're just giving in to something. It's really about being open and trusting in the natural process. It's having the wisdom to know that you don't always know what's best for your life.

Trust the process and trust God. Okay, let's get started. Attention, Um, Uh, is the trajectory of what I am talking about. Attention to where I'm pointing toward, their direction, theirumu.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them with an easy curiosity.

Now take a few deep breaths and allow the body to relax a little more with each exhale.

With each passing thought, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now. Begin to deepen the breath.

Inhale slowly and lengthen the breath, and then exhale, letting go of the breath,

and then right back into the next inhale.

Slow it down and make it deep,

and then exhale. Let the body relax.

Now, allow your breath to settle. and let your mind settle with it.

Give yourself space just to be who you are, a child of God.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room,

just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations As part of the practice,

when it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy, deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep breaths. Deep inhalation, and then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, deep breath in, filling up the body, and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, Let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. I will watch over you and be your guide.

Softly, begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes. And take a big, deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

