---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 21
number: 21
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 21
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3IHHeOa8iqDLjrgNhOaoYf?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When your spirit is filled with the presence of Jesus, it protects you against all the things that can harm you. You lose the desire to criticize yourself or to criticize others. You lose anger and resentment. You can find meaning and fulfillment in circumstances that are less than ideal. So today, May God's love fill you and protect you.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair. And when you're ready, take a few nice, deep breaths. and allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It keeps no record of wrongs.

And again, love is patient. Love is kind. Does not envy. It does not boast. It keeps no record of wrongs.

Now bring your attention to the position of the body.

Make sure you can breathe in an open and natural way.

Allow the chest to open and take a few nice Deep breaths.

Let the breath fill the body up with life.

With each breath, you're bringing your awareness into this moment.

Relax and allow God to speak to you in the way that he wants.

Let your thoughts go and allow your awareness to rest in this moment.

If your thoughts wander off, that's okay. It's natural for the thoughts to drift.

As best you can, leave those thoughts right where they are and come back to that feeling of your body.

Our feelings and emotions can distract us from the natural calm of God's love.

There isn't anything to discover. It's always been there.

This is a safe place. God loves you.

Gradually and with ease. Bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale.

Notice how with each breath the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body. on the chair and your feet on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece, release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax you.

Let your breath guide you to a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. Love is patient. Love is kind. Does not envy and does not boast. It keeps no record of wrongs.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel? I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

