---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 170
number: 170
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 170
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1UpqSShQC6e3mW03qPiUEs?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
There is a difference between being alone and feeling lonely. There are definitely things that can make us feel lonely. But remember, God is always with you. As you meditate today, allow yourself to dwell on a new feeling. A feeling of acceptance and total love by God. Okay, let's begin. by getting comfortable and taking a few deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

He does not leave the people alone who belong to him. They are kept forever.

And again, he does not leave the people alone who belong to him. They are kept forever.

Let's begin to take note of how the body is feeling.

Not really thinking too much about it, just letting go of those feelings of tightness and tension.

When it feels comfortable, take a few deep breaths

in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Deep breath in, expanding the body and filling the chest up.

And exhale, feeling the chest fall and let go.

Take another big deep Deep breath in and control the exhale letting it take twice as long as the inhale.

With each breath allow the tension to melt away from the body.

Now allow your breath to take up a natural rhythm.

Let the gentle sound of your breathing. Relax your mind.

There is no way to do this wrong. Just an easy, effortless awareness.

Letting go.

Now bring your attention to the position of the body.

Make sure you can breathe in an open and natural way.

Allow the chest to open. and take a few nice, deep breaths.

Let the breath fill the body up with life.

With each breath, you're bringing your awareness into this moment.

Relax and allow God to speak to you in the way that he wants.

Let your thoughts go and allow your awareness to rest. in this moment.

If your thoughts wander off, that's okay. It's natural for the thoughts to drift.

As best you can, leave those thoughts right where they are and come back to that feeling of your body.

Our feelings and emotions can distract us from the natural calm of God's love.

There isn't anything to discover. It's always been there.

This is a safe place. God loves you.

Take this verse with you. He does not leave the people alone who belong to him. They are kept forever.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing and when you're ready. Slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch and sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care and we'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

