---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 246
number: 246
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 246
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1U4RYScSEoSv7Pz5inoctR?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
I think it's natural to assume the Bible is all about helping others and treating people right. But looking from another angle, the Bible is really about helping you. Forgiving others is great, but at its core, it releases you from carrying hate. Treating others with kindness is important, but your life will become richer as you love others.

As you meditate today. Rest in the knowledge that God is working for your eternal benefit.

When you feel ready, go ahead and get comfortable in your position,

really allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. We know that in all things God works for good with those who love him, those whom he has called according to his purpose.

And again, we know that in all things, God works for good with those who love him, those whom he has called according to his purpose.

Now, bring your attention to the way the breath feels, and take a few deep breaths.

Gently expand the chest on the inhale. and then let the body soften on the exhale.

With each breath, there's new life entering the body.

As you breathe, begin to soften the body, starting at the top of the head.

Allow the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Feel gravity push the body down into the chair.

Now gently bring your awareness. to the space around the body.

Feel the air on the skin.

Notice the temperature of the air.

And now, gently move your awareness to the heartbeat.

Allow the rhythm of the heartbeat to relax the body.

Let your awareness rest deeper in the presence of God.

Simply let go.

Bring your attention to any tightness in the body,

just noticing how the body feels.

Start by relaxing the hands, letting go of any tension in the hands.

Allow the arms to totally relax, letting go at the elbows and the wrists.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Let the legs become heavy.

Allow the muscles to completely let go.

Let your body totally relax and release.

And now, if it feels comfortable, Take a big, deep breath, letting the air fill up the body.

Feel the chest rise on the inhale

and fall on the exhale.

Notice how the breath changes the way the body feels.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and just allow yourself to be.

Take this verse with you. We know that in all things God works for good with those who love him, those whom he has called according to his purpose.

Softly begin to bring your awareness back to the body, back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes. and take a big deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

