---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 257
number: 257
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 257
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0UANVEcD9735sWxr9Pdes0?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
It's natural to spend time thinking about the past or the future, but doing this takes you out of the present. It takes you away from the only real time that exists.

As you meditate and pray today, allow yourself to be present in this moment and grow closer to God.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable. Taking a few nice, Big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

Here's what I want you to do. Find a quiet, secluded place. Just be there, as simply and honestly as you can manage. The focus will shift from you to God, and you will begin to sense His grace.

Again, here's what I want you to do. Find a quiet, secluded place. Just be there as simply and honestly as you can manage. The focus will shift from you to God, and you will begin to sense his grace.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice and easy.

Let the breath settle and become natural. And bring your attention back to God. to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it, just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Notice the air on the skin.

Feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space. Almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out. Deepening the inhales

and extending the exhales. Letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly,

and then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now. Whatever you need to let go of, let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your creator who loves you.

Deep breath in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you.

Find a quiet, secluded place. Just be there as simply and honestly as you can manage. The focus will shift from you to God, and you will begin to sense his grace.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

