---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 164
number: 164
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 164
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/6z8LZrQgrOSCDMHCc2vrZr?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
As your heart and mind become still, you're making space for the voice of Jesus. Some days will be better than others, but you can be certain that by seeking God without expectation, you will slowly begin to notice Him working in your life. Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable.

Take a few nice deep breaths. Big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

The Holy Spirit of Truth will be to you a friend just like me.

And again, the Holy Spirit of Truth will be to you a friend. A friend, just like me.

Now bring your attention to your breath. Just a soft, easy awareness.

Notice what it feels like as air passes in through the nose and then back out through the mouth.

Let the breath bring life to your body.

Begin to listen to the sound of your breath,

listening to the inhale and the exhale.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax and become natural.

Allow your breath to bring renewal to your body.

You're making space to notice God's presence in your life.

When it feels comfortable, bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to enter every part of your body.

Feel the presence of God in this space. Let go of control and rest into the arms of God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths in.

Really making a point to expand the body and expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle, allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body is tight, or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness, and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. The Holy Spirit of Truth will be to you a friend just like me.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, Allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

