---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 9
number: 9
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 9
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Even if you come from the harshest circumstances or the most humble beginnings, you can get through anything if you're loved. Being loved gives you a vision that something better lies beyond this present existence. It gives you a reason to persevere. God loves you like a child. His love tells us that something better lies ahead.

Allow that message to rest with you as you begin this meditation. Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body.

Allowing the body to relax into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. Surely, goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life. And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.

And again, surely goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life. And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.

Now bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness. or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly bring your attention to those areas of tightness and relax them piece by piece.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind This is a moment to let go, give yourself permission

to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths.

Inhale, feel the chest rise. And exhale, feel the chest fall.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

With a gentle ease, let's go ahead and take a nice, deep breath.

Notice how good it feels. Just to breathe,

allow your inhales to fill the body up,

and then totally relax the body on the exhale.

Notice how your breath changes the way your body feels.

And on your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale, and two on the exhale. Three on the next inhale, and four on the next exhale. Counting up to ten, and then starting over again.

If you lose track of the breath, it's okay. Just start over again, counting from one.

There is nowhere to go, nowhere to be. We are just here, counting the breath.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax. and become natural.

And now for a moment or two, let your mind relax.

Take this verse with you. Surely goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room, just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, Allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

