---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 47
number: 47
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 47
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
There's a difference between being alone and feeling lonely. The difference is whether you feel the presence and the love of others. Remember, God is always with you and He loves you. You are never, ever truly alone. He wants you to know that deep in your heart so that you'll never be lonely again. Trust in the presence of God and trust that you're loved.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready. Just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. Even to your old age and gray hairs, I am he who will sustain you.

And again, even to your old age and gray hairs, I am he who will sustain you.

In your own time, take a few nice, deep breaths

in through the nose, and out through the mouth.

Allow the body to let go a little bit more with each exhale.

Feel the face and the neck softening as your body begins to relax.

Notice how your breath softens. and relaxes the body.

Come to that sense of weight in the body, allowing the chair to hold the body up.

Relax the arms all the way down to the hands.

Allow the legs to become heavy,

relaxing all the way down to the toes.

Feel the muscles softening.

Allow the natural rhythm of the breath to relax the body.

Notice the rise, And the fall of the chest,

just noticing how good it feels just to breathe.

And now, for a moment or two, let your awareness be free. Let it rest.

As you relax, allow God's presence of peace to wash over you.

Let your breath fill your body and relax your muscles.

As your breath relaxes your body, Bring your attention to the heartbeat,

just noticing quiet rhythm of your heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to calm your mind, to

relax your body.

Let go any feelings of stress or worry.

God is taking care of you. Allow

those feelings to go.

You are safe here.

And if thoughts take you away. That's okay. Be easy with the thoughts. Just remember, you can always come back to the breath and the heartbeat.

Let yourself relax and allow God to speak to your heart.

Take this verse with you, even to your old age and gray hairs. I am He. Who will sustain you?

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

