---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 98
number: 98
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 98
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Many of us grew up with the idea that God was sitting in heaven writing down every bad thing that we ever did. But what God tells us He actually does is not writing, but erasing. As soon as we can add another item to our list of wrongs, God is erasing it. This is because God is love, and love keeps no record of wrongs.

Go ahead and get comfortable in your position. Really allowing the body to relax.

And when you feel ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Farther than from a sunrise to a sunset, that's how far you've removed our guilt from us. The same way a loving father feels toward his children.

And again. Farther than from a sunrise to a sunset, that's how far you've removed our guilt from us, the same way a loving father feels toward his children.

Now bring your attention to the way it feels when you breathe.

Feel the stomach and the chest. Rise with each inhale

and feel the body relax with each exhale.

In through the nose, feel the body expand and then slowly exhale.

Let the breath be natural. Let the breath naturally relax the body.

Allow the face and the neck to relax. to soften.

Allow the forehead to relax and the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Relax the body and allow the chair to hold the body up.

Just relaxing and letting the body unwind.

Simply let go.

Now, bring your awareness. to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly bring your attention to those areas of tightness and relax them piece by piece.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

As your body begins to relax, Allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice deep breaths.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

Take this verse with you. Farther than from a sunrise to a sunset, That's how far you've removed our guilt from us, the same way a loving father feels toward his children.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice, deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

