---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 192
number: 192
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 192
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5RwVhtc2U757QuJX5GJX2z?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Maybe your life's in a rut right now. Or, maybe you aren't where you thought you would be. When that happens, it's easy to slip into autopilot. The days pass, and nothing changes. It's natural to feel this way. But the truth is, while you may not be where you want to be, it is where you are. Life is a journey.

There's a deeper meaning and purpose to be found right where you are.

Okay. Let's begin by taking a few seconds to consciously relax the body.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

The Lord, your God, will fight alongside you and help you win the battle.

And again, the Lord, your God, will fight alongside you and help you win the battle.

Gently bring your awareness to any sensations you're feeling.

Just noticing. the sensations on the body.

Maybe it's the air on the skin or the weight of the body in the chair.

Just noticing and welcoming these sensations as part of the meditation.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest as you breathe.

Follow the breath. And notice how it changes your body.

The inhales, expanding the body and filling it up with life. And the exhales, relaxing the body, letting go.

Follow the breath as it comes in through the nose and then goes back out through the mouth.

You don't have to do anything. It's natural and effortless. Your body knows how to relax.

You are simply unearthing the calm that was already there.

This is a safe place of love and deep rest.

Allow your mind to rest. to take refuge in God.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice and easy.

Let the breath settle and become natural and bring your attention to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it, Just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out.

Deepening the inhales and extending the exhales. Letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Take this verse with you. The Lord, your God, will fight alongside you and help you win the battle.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

