---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 250
number: 250
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 250
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4btsKaFFKfWBCfrpfUV33q?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Frustration and depression are natural emotions in life. It can sometimes feel like you've reached the end of your rope and you're out of options. Maybe it's in regards to your job, or your relationship, or maybe even with yourself. Life can be hard, and it's normal to feel this way at times. In times like this.

Even if you can't see a way out, it doesn't mean there isn't one. As you rest into this meditation, allow yourself to let go of your expectations and let God lead you in a direction of hope.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, Allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. You're blessed when you're at the end of your rope. With less of you, there is more of God.

And again.

You're blessed when you're at the end of your rope. With less of you, there is more of God.

Bring your attention. to any tightness in the body.

Just noticing how the body feels.

Start by relaxing the hands, letting go of any tension in the hands.

Allow the arms to totally relax, letting go at the elbows and the wrists.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Let the legs become heavy.

Allow the muscles to completely let go.

Let your body totally relax and release.

And now, if it feels comfortable, take a big deep breath, letting the air fill up the body.

Feel the chest rise on the inhale.

and fall on the exhale.

Notice how the breath changes the way the body feels.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and just allow yourself to be.

Now, let's take some nice deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth,

just noticing. And observing the breath, watching the rise and the fall of the chest.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are, and then gently let them go. Come back to the feeling of the breath.

Long, deep inhale, then a slow, controlled exhale.

Allow the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall. and move inward, finding that place where you feel loved.

Feel that natural peace in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Take this verse with you.

You're blessed when you're at the end of your rope. With less of you, there is more of God.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing, and when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch, and sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in, and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care, and we'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

