---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 266
number: 266
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 266
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4sZJ2EaTuUmJnUCffhpUHP?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Silence creates an environment where you can't hide from yourself.

You feel all of those feelings that you normally try to avoid. This can be unpleasant, but you can also think about this as a healing process by allowing yourself to fully feel. You're releasing yourself from these emotions. It's a chance to be honest with yourself and with God today. As you meditate, allow yourself to relax and release these feelings.

Go ahead and get comfortable in your position. Really allowing the body to relax.

And when you feel ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Now, take a moment to consider this verse. Jesus himself would often slip away to the wilderness and pray in seclusion,

but Jesus himself would often slip away to the wilderness and pray in seclusion.

Bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you

not engaging with your feelings. Just noticing them

almost like you're observing your emotions and then letting them go.

Just like loosening your grip. You're letting go of those feelings.

Let God handle whatever is out of your control.

This is a place of acceptance. Safety you can always find rest in God.

Now begin to notice how your body feels

when it feels comfortable. Begin to consciously relax the body,

scanning down from your head to your toes. Release any areas of tension in the body.

Surrender all of your stress and all of your responsibilities and just let your mind rest.

You are safe. God is looking out for you.

Now bring your attention to your breath.

Just a soft, easy awareness.

Notice what it feels like as air passes in through the nose and then back out through the mouth.

Let the breath bring life to your body.

Begin to listen to the sound of your breath,

listening to the inhale and the exhale.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax and become natural.

Allow your breath to bring renewal to your body.

You're making space to notice God's presence in your life.

When it feels comfortable, bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to enter every part of your body.

Feel the presence of God in this space.

Let go of control. Rest into the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. But Jesus himself would often slip away to the wilderness and pray in seclusion.

Softly begin to bring your awareness back to the body, back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes. And take a big deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another Day of Hope.

Take care.

