---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 228
number: 228
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 228
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0aBUZHkLVBB7qSzf1Hu1Lo?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
We focus on the breath because it's a physical experience that brings us into the present moment.

Man became alive when God breathed life into his soul.

Your breath connects you to God. As you meditate today, allow God to breathe new life into your soul.

Let's go ahead and get started. By gently bringing your attention to the breath,

notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

I am the resurrection and the life.

And again. I am the resurrection and the life.

Gradually, and with ease, bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale, and then allow your awareness to rest in a little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body on the chair and your feet on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture. of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece, release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax you.

Let your breath guide you. To a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

Now bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them with an easy curiosity.

Now, take a few deep breaths and allow the body to relax a little more with each exhale.

With each passing thought, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now, begin to deepen the breath.

Inhale slowly and lengthen the breath, and then exhale. Letting go of the breath

and then right back into the next inhale.

Slow it down and make it deep

and then exhale. Let the body relax.

Now allow your breath to settle and let your mind settle with it.

Give yourself space just to be who you are, a child of God.

Take this verse with you. I am the resurrection and the life.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair. And when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

