---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 212
number: 212
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 212
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0xXPET8LUbrjMARvaC4lYm?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Self esteem can be hard to cultivate. It can feel like you're trying to convince yourself of your own worth. But the truth is, God made you to be who you are. He loves you and He always has. As you meditate today, rest with the one who loves you. Remember that. Okay, let's begin by consciously relaxing the body.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

As your body begins to settle, take a moment to consider this verse.

For the Father himself. Love's you dearly because you love me and believe that I came from God.

And again, for the Father himself loves you dearly because you love me and believe that I came from God.

In your own time, take a few nice deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

and out through the mouth.

Allow the body to let go a little bit more with each exhale.

Feel the face and the neck softening as your body begins to relax.

Notice how your breath softens and relaxes the body.

Come to that sense of weight in the body. Allowing the chair to hold the body up.

Relax the arms all the way down to the hands.

Allow the legs to become heavy.

Relaxing all the way down to the toes.

Feel the muscles softening.

Allow the natural rhythm of the breath to relax the body.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

Just noticing how good it feels just to breathe.

And now, for a moment or two, let your awareness be free. Let it rest.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm. Effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Feel your feet on the floor and the weight of your body. In the chair.

Now, gently bring your attention to your emotions.

Just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them as an observer.

Remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to bubble up and out.

Remember, today is a new day, with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

Take this verse with you. For the Father himself loves you dearly, because you love me and believe that I came from God.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

