---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 197
number: 197
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 197
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/05yxOC1bAiZSRRV2nngelr?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When you take time to seclude yourself in meditation and prayer, you're opening your heart to God. Seeking God in solitude allows God to speak to the desires of your heart. Sometimes He will grant those desires, but other times He may be asking you to change what you desire. But you can trust. Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable.

Take a few nice, big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

For the Lord grants wisdom. From his mouth come knowledge and understanding.

And again. For the Lord grants wisdom. From his mouth come knowledge and understanding.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice and easy.

Let the breath settle and become natural. And bring your attention to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it, just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Notice the air on the skin.

Feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out, deepening the inhales

and extending the exhales, letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Now gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big deep breath in and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly

and then exhale controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters, right now. Whatever you need to let go of, let it go, release it to God.

Today is a new day, with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit, and connect you to your creator, who loves you.

Deep breath, in through the nose, and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you. For the Lord grants wisdom. From his mouth come knowledge and understanding.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow.

With hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

