---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 236
number: 236
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 236
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/51LvlrfwnHJotgOS1Aiufn?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Our schedules and financial obligations are always pushing us to do more. More work, more responsibilities, more everything.

But as these physical needs grow, they tend to crowd out our spiritual needs. Left unattended, our spiritual needs can leave big holes in our lives.

Rest and allow God to renew your soul.

Okay. Let's get started by allowing the body to relax

and when you're ready let your eyes close like the Sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. The place where your treasure is is the place you will most want to be and end up being.

And again. The place where your treasure is. is the place you will most want to be and end up being.

Now bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them with an easy curiosity.

Now take a few deep breaths and allow the body to relax a little more. With each exhale,

with each passing thought, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now, begin to deepen the breath.

Inhale slowly and lengthen the breath, and then exhale, letting go of the breath,

and then right back into the next inhale.

Slow it down and make it deep

and then exhale. Let the body relax.

Now, allow your breath to settle and let your mind settle with it.

Give yourself space just to be who you are. A child of God.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room,

just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice deep breaths,

real easy. Deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation. And then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, deep breath in, filling up the body. and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. The place where your treasure is. is the place you will most want to be and end up being.

Softly begin to bring your awareness back to the body, back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take a big deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

