---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 181
number: 181
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 181
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4t1zporCsnk5uck9kHz2C3?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
The most important time is the present. The present moment contains the eternal. All love, all future possibilities, all relationships are happening right now. Rest with the possibilities that this moment brings. Allow today's meditation to anchor you to this present moment.

Okay. Let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair. And when you're ready, take a few nice deep breaths and allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Let everything you say be good and helpful. So that your words will be an encouragement to those who hear them.

And again, let everything you say be good and helpful, so that your words will be an encouragement to those who hear them.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in. And then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly.

And then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here. In this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your creator. who loves you.

Deep breath in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

With a gentle curiosity, begin to notice the breath.

Make the breath deep and full of life. Allow that fresh air to fill up the lungs, and then relax the body as you exhale.

Let your body become heavy as your mind continues to relax. You are exactly where you need to be.

And now, come to the heartbeat, maybe even listen for its rhythm,

just relaxing and releasing.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it's easy. Bring your awareness back to the heartbeat.

Just listen to your heartbeat and the gentle sound of your breath.

Let your breath act as an anchor to this moment and this practice.

With each breath, allow yourself to rest further into the calm of God's love.

Take this verse with you. Let everything you say. Be good and helpful so that your words will be an encouragement to those who hear them.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel?

I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time with hope, mindfulness. And prayer.

