---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 78
number: 78
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 78
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1EgsRFnnxsgicxg8ZWWto4?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Have you ever felt like you had to change to meet someone's approval or to be accepted? Know that God loves you just as you are. His love for you is always present and is not dependent on you making some change. He designed you to be exactly who you are.

When you feel ready, go ahead and get comfortable in your position, really allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. I have made you, and I will carry you. I will sustain you, and I will rescue you.

And again, I have made you, and I will carry you. I will sustain you, and I will rescue you.

With a gradual ease, take a nice big breath.

Be intentional with the breath.

Big deep inhales and nice long exhales.

Relax and settle into your body.

With each breath, allow the muscles to soften and let go.

Feel that sense of gravity and weight in the body,

you're just uncovering the natural calm that's always accessible through God.

Now, with ease, bring your awareness to the sounds in the room,

just listening to the sounds with easy curiosity.

Not placing judgment on the sounds, just noticing the sounds and accepting them as part of this practice.

If the thoughts take you away, it's okay. When you notice the thoughts, gently bring your awareness back to the sounds.

Just noticing and listening.

Now, for a moment or two, let your awareness go where it wants to go.

When you feel comfortable, bring your attention to the feeling of the body.

Make sure you aren't holding any stress or anxiety in the body. Now, slowly,

consciously, begin to scan the body and make sure everything is comfortable. and relaxed.

Take a few natural deep breaths.

Release any emotions or feelings you brought with you to this practice.

Let God handle what you cannot.

Relax the body a little more with each out breath.

Simply let go and rest in the presence of God.

Feel the space around the body,

appreciate the sounds in the room,

just listening and experiencing the feeling of breathing.

If you notice any resistance in the body, come back to the breath and allow that tension to release.

You are safe.

Take this verse with you. I have made you, and I will carry you, I will sustain you, and I will rescue you.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

