---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 224
number: 224
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 224
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0l4Woc8NULRGLjk1vrjtkf?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
It's hard to let go of expectations. We think that life will be one way, and then it ends up being totally different. It may feel unfair. But you have to remember, God sees your story from a different perspective. While your life may not be what you want right now, you have to trust that God sees your life.

And your purpose from an eternal perspective.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable, taking a few nice, big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

They will not conquer you, for I am with you to protect and rescue you.

Again, they will not conquer you, for I am with you to protect you and rescue you.

Now, bring your attention to your breath. Just a soft, easy awareness.

Notice what it feels like as air passes in through the nose and then back out through the mouth.

Let the breath bring life to your body.

Begin to listen to the sound of your breath,

listening to the inhale and the exhale.

On the next exhale, Allow the breath to relax and become natural.

Allow your breath to bring renewal to your body.

You're making space to notice God's presence in your life.

When it feels comfortable, bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to enter every part of your body.

Feel the presence of God in this space. Let go of control and rest into the arms of God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths in.

Really making a point to expand the body and expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle, allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body is tight, or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness, and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, Slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Take this verse with you.

They will not conquer you. For I am with you to protect you and rescue you,

slowly bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with Hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember. Be easy with yourself.

