---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 72
number: 72
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 72
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0WzqnvpYh6aIhxXDsqCh7d?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When we meditate, we don't try to change anything. We simply observe and pay attention to what's happening around us and what's happening inside of us. By doing this, we create space in our being and that invites God to fill us with His Spirit. Okay, let's begin by taking a few seconds to consciously relax the body,

and when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse,

God, make a fresh start in me.

And again, God, make a fresh start. In me,

gently bring your awareness to any sensations you're feeling,

just noticing the sensations on the body.

Maybe it's the air on the skin or the weight of the body in the chair.

Just noticing and welcoming these sensations as part of the meditation.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest as you breathe.

Follow the breath and notice how it changes your body.

The inhales, expanding the body and filling it up with life. And the exhales, relaxing the body, letting go.

Follow the breath as it comes in through the nose and then goes back out through the mouth.

You don't have to do anything, it's natural and effortless. Your body knows how to relax,

you are simply unearthing the calm that was already there.

This is a safe place of love and deep rest.

Allow your mind to rest. to take refuge in God.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in,

nice and easy.

Let the breath settle and become natural and bring your attention to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it, Just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing,

just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out,

deepening the inhales and extending the exhales, letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Take this verse with you. God, make a fresh start in me.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

