---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 46
number: 46
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 46
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4rVMnIS7Ihc7VCT6fZWtOK?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Stress creates a false reality. Stress tricks us into believing that everything has to happen now, but faith reassures us that everything happens in God's time. As you go through the day, remember, There's no need to hit the panic button. God has it all under control and you are loved.

When you feel ready, go ahead and get comfortable in your position,

really allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse, by your mighty power I can walk through any devastation and you will keep me alive.

And again, by your mighty power I can walk through any devastation and you will keep me alive.

Now bring your awareness, a feeling of the body,

maybe there's some muscle tightness or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly, slowly. Bring your attention to those areas of tightness and relax them piece by piece.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have to is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths.

Inhale, feel the chest rise, and exhale, feel the chest fall.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, That's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

Let's take a few nice deep breaths.

Allow your breath to fill the body up, and

then relax with each out breath.

With each new breath, allow the chest to open and the body to relax.

Let go of any tension in your body.

Just focus your attention on the breath.

Deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

And when it feels comfortable, begin to count the breath.

One on the inhale and two on the exhale.

Three, Inhale, on the next inhale, and four on the next exhale, counting up to ten, and then starting over again.

Now, let go of the counting, and bring your attention to the sound of your breathing.

just a nice Soft focus on the air coming in and the air going out.

Just relaxing and releasing. Allow

your awareness to rest with the breath.

Take this verse with you. By your mighty power, I can walk through any devastation. And you will keep me alive.

Softly, begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you are ready, slowly open your eyes and take a big, deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We will see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care. Take care.

