---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 140
number: 140
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 140
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3nXICF1nysQNVTpHQKQJ1b?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Becoming comfortable with solitude is a life changing experience. Not only does it allow God's voice to be heard more clearly, it gives you the space to learn about yourself. It gives you time to digest your emotions and realize what you really want out of life. The more you let go and rest, the deeper you will be able to experience God's love in your life.

Okay. Let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few nice, deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. Be silent and stop your striving, and you will see that I am God.

And again. Be silent and stop your striving, and you will see that I am God.

Now bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them with an easy curiosity.

Now take a few deep breaths. and allow the body to relax a little more with each exhale.

With each passing thought, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now, begin to deepen the breath.

Inhale slowly and lengthen the breath, and then exhale. Letting go of the breath,

and then right back into the next inhale.

Slow it down, and make it deep,

and then exhale. Let the body relax.

Now, allow your breath to settle, and let your mind settle with it.

Give yourself space just to be who you are, a child of God.

Now, take a moment to be grateful for this opportunity to relax.

Notice how good it feels just to be here in this moment.

Let go of your worries and focus your attention on the breath.

Nothing else matters right now. You are here. There is nothing to do but relax.

Allow your body to honor the natural calm given by God's presence.

Just listening to the breath, noticing the rise and the fall of the chest.

Deep breath in, expanding the body, and then exhale. Letting your awareness rest,

take another deep breath as you feel your lungs expand

and exhale, following the air back out through the mouth.

The thoughts may take you away, and that's okay.

With each breath, effortlessly rest into the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. Be silent and stop your striving and you will see that I am God.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch and sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care, and we'll see you again tomorrow with Hope Mindfulness & Prayer..

