---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 216
number: 216
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 216
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5t4Sdwn7KaYVmClETxPcHP?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
There's a saying in meditation that goes, wherever you go, there you are.

And that's definitely true. But you could also say, wherever you go, there God is. He never leaves you and his presence is always accessible to you. Remember that God can only be found in the present. Wherever you go, and whatever you go through, God is with you and he's with you today.

Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax. And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

When you have troubles, I am with you. When you cross rivers, you will not be hurt. When you walk through fire, you will not be burned.

And again, when you have troubles, I am with you. When you cross rivers, you will not be hurt. When you walk through fire, you will not be burned.

When it feels natural, let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath, allow the body to become softer and more relaxed,

almost like a wave of relaxation washing over the body.

The breath fills up the body, and then it gives way. to that natural relaxation that's right under the surface.

Now, let's turn our awareness to how the body feels.

Just examining the body with an easy curiosity.

Allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms and allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen as your awareness rests deeper.

Just relaxing and releasing.

You are here and everything is okay. God is with you.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and allow yourself to simply be.

Now. Let's take some nice deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Just noticing and observing the breath, watching the rise and the fall of the chest.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings. you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are and then gently come back to the feeling of the breath.

Long, deep inhale, then a slow, controlled exhale.

Allow the breath to calm the mind. and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place where you feel loved.

Feel that natural peace in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Take this verse with you.

When you have troubles, I am with you. When you cross rivers, you will not be hurt. When you walk through fire, you will not be burned.

Softly, begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take a big, deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

