---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 222
number: 222
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 222
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/6ZwgncANfXDbV5nrbXxWqU?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
So many people speed through their lives going from one task to another and then they feel like their life is lacking in meaning and purpose. The problem may not be a lack of meaning, but rather a lack of time to notice meaning. Slowing down brings awareness. And awareness reveals purpose and beauty.

If you're feeling a little disjointed or you feel like you're lacking meaning in your life, try slowing down a little bit.

Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax. And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the Sun sets.

Take a moment. To consider this verse, Lord, you provide the flame for my lamp, you, God, turn the darkness around me into light.

And again, Lord, you provide the flame for my lamp, you, God, turn the darkness around me into light.

Now, bring your awareness to the space around the body.

Not really examining it, just noticing the space with an easy curiosity.

Notice any sensations on the skin.

Feel the clothes on the skin.

Feel the temperature of the room.

Listen to the sounds in the room.

Just a nice, easy focus on the sounds in the room.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

Maybe the breath is shallow, or maybe it's deep. Both are okay. Just follow the breath as it moves through your body.

Let the rhythm of your breath relax your mind.

This is a safe place. God is watching over you.

With ease, bring your attention to the breath.

Take a few nice, deep breaths.

Make them feel easy. And effortless.

Feel life enter your body as you breathe in.

And then release your tension as you breathe out.

Inhale. Feel how the body expands. Then slowly exhale. Feeling the body fall.

Feel the air as it travels in through the nose. And follow the air back out through the mouth.

Allow each breath to soften the chest and relax the shoulders.

Begin to scan the body from the head to the toe, relaxing the body piece by piece.

There is no way to do this wrong.

And now, for a few moments, allow your mind to do what it wants to do.

If it wants to think, Then let it think, and if it wants to rest, then let it rest.

Take this verse with you.

Lord, you provide the flame for my lamp. You, God, turn the darkness around me into light.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths, in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

