---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 177
number: 177
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 177
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1bHOOAu1yK413pETdlZ0t9?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
One of the only constants in life is change. And when things are changing, it's easy to wish for some past reality or hope for a future that doesn't seem to be possible anymore. But the truth is, that neither of those things are real. The present moment is all that you are given. While change can be difficult, You have to trust that God is moving in your life.

You have to choose to see him in your present existence.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable. Taking a few nice, big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

I will answer them before they even call to me. While they are still talking about their needs, I will go ahead and answer their prayers.

And again, I will answer them before they even call to me. While they are still talking about their needs, I will go ahead and answer their prayers.

As you relax, allow God's presence of peace to wash over you.

Let your breath fill your body and relax your muscles.

As your breath relaxes your body, bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Just noticing. The quiet rhythm of your heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to calm your mind.

To relax your body.

Let go any feelings of stress or worry.

God is taking care of you.

Allow those feelings to go.

You are safe here.

And if thoughts take you away, that's okay. Be easy with the thoughts. Just remember, you can always come back to the breath and the heartbeat.

Let yourself relax and allow God to speak to your heart. When it feels comfortable, take a few nice deep breaths in.

Really making a point to expand the body and expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle, allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body is tight, or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Take this verse with you.

I will answer them before they even call to me. While they are still talking about their needs, I will go ahead and answer their prayers.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness. Back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow, with hope and joy.

Mindfulness and prayer.

