---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 50
number: 50
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 50
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/6l5JyV68bs03KhLLob2t4A?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Sometimes, when we read the Bible, we find ourselves engaging our minds, rather than our hearts. But today, as you listen to this verse, allow yourself to listen with your heart, instead of your head. Feel the verse. Allow the verse to rest with you. God's words are a love letter to your soul.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse, The heavens declare the glory of God, The skies proclaim the work of his hands.

And again, The heavens declare the glory of God, The skies proclaim the work of his hands.

Let's begin to take note of how the body is feeling,

not really thinking too much about it. Just letting go of those feelings of tightness and tension

when it feels comfortable. Take a few deep breaths,

in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Deep breath in, expanding the body and filling the chest up.

And exhale, feeling the chest fall and let go.

Take another big, deep breath in and control the exhale. Letting it take twice as long as the inhale.

With each breath, allow the tension to melt away from the body.

Now, allow your breath to take up a natural rhythm.

Let the gentle sound of your breathing relax your mind.

There is no way Uh, Um, Uh, Um. Um. So the expert understands that we are aware. But because we can't contain it, when we stare at our eyes, it speaks to us. It goes into power. Uh. Um. Center. Um. Um.

Make sure you can breathe in an open and natural way. Allow

the chest to open and take a few nice, deep breaths.

Let the breath fill the body up with life.

With each breath, you're bringing your awareness to life. In this moment,

relax and allow God to speak to you in the way that He wants.

Let your thoughts go and allow your awareness to rest in this moment.

If your thoughts wander off, that's okay, it's natural for the thoughts to drift.

As best you can, leave those thoughts right where they are. and come back to that feeling of your body.

Our feelings and emotions can distract us from the natural calm of God's love.

There isn't anything to discover, it's always been there.

This is a safe place. God loves you.

Take this verse with you. The heavens declare the glory of God, the skies proclaim the work of his hands.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing, and when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch. Sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care, and we'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

