---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 143
number: 143
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 143
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/6qdA2eP2alOKiib1xymc4l?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Sometimes we have to leave our home to find our place in the world. We set out on our own to find the answers to the questions in our heart. But as time and distance bring us further from where we started, we recognize that what we were really searching for was acceptance. As you go about your day, remember that God loves you just as you are.

You are already home.

Okay, let's begin by consciously relaxing the body. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

As your body begins to settle, take a moment to consider this verse. For the mountains may move and the hills disappear, but even then my faithful love for you will remain.

And again, for the mountains may move and the hills disappear, but even then, my faithful love for you will remain.

With an easy awareness, bring your attention to the space in the room,

just noticing the space, with an easy curiosity.

Notice your place in the room.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

Feel the air on your skin.

Listen to the sounds in the room.

Maybe it's quiet in the room, maybe it's not. Both are okay.

You're just listening. and welcoming the sounds as part of the exercise.

Not wishing to change the sounds, just accepting the sounds as they are.

When it feels natural, slowly bring your awareness to the breath.

Allow your breath to be a reminder to stay in this present moment.

If your mind begins to wander, You can always come back to the feeling of the breath.

Relax and let your body honor the natural calm that only comes from the presence of a loving God.

With ease, bring your attention to the breath.

Take a few nice, deep breaths.

Make them feel easy. and effortless.

Feel life enter your body as you breathe in,

and then release your tension as you breathe out.

Inhale, feel how the body expands, then slowly exhale, feeling the body fall.

Feel the air as it travels in through the nose. and follow the air back out through the mouth.

Allow each breath to soften the chest and relax the shoulders.

Begin to scan the body from the head to the toe, relaxing the body piece by piece.

There is no way to do this wrong.

And now, for a few moments, allow your mind to do what it wants to do.

If it wants to think, then let it think, and if it wants to rest, then let it rest.

Take this verse with you, for the mountains may move and the hills disappear, but even then, my faithful love for you will never die. Will remain.

Allow your awareness to slowly come back to your body and when it feels natural begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair. Maybe you want to stretch a little bit. Do whatever feels good. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of Hope.

