---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 237
number: 237
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 237
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/2Wa6Ua3ZTz0PJSWFiEHhJO?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Our natural inclination is to seek what the world offers us. Maybe it's wealth or material things. Or maybe it's something simple like the approval of others.

But anyone who's received these things will tell you that they're largely unfulfilling. At best, they're good for brief moments of happiness. But they'll leave you feeling exactly as you did before. Unfulfilled. Meaning is found not through things, but through people and God. Today, as you meditate, allow Jesus to give you what only He can.

Fulfillment.

Okay. Let's begin by getting comfortable.

Take a few nice, big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready Allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. It takes more than bread to stay alive. It takes a steady stream of words from God's mouth.

It takes more than bread to stay alive. It takes a steady stream of words from God's mouth.

As you relax, Allow God's presence of peace to wash over you.

Let your breath fill your body and relax your muscles.

As your breath relaxes your body, bring your attention to the heartbeat,

just noticing the quiet rhythm of your heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness To calm your mind,

to relax your body.

Let go of any feelings of stress or worry.

God is taking care of you.

Allow those feelings to go.

You are safe here.

And if thoughts take you away, that's okay. Be easy with the thoughts. Just remember, you can always come back to the breath and the heartbeat.

Let yourself relax and allow God to speak to your heart.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice deep breaths in,

really making a point to expand the body and expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle, allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body is tight, or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Take this verse with you.

It takes more than bread to stay alive. It takes a steady stream of words from God's mouth.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

