---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 114
number: 114
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 114
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
When something old falls apart, something new begins. This is one of those truisms in life that's easy to say but hard to accept, especially when you're going through traumatic life changes. Life will change. Change is the constant of life. It's the way that God designed life to be. So rest assured that God's hand is at work in your life.

He's constantly with you. guiding you through these life changes. Don't be afraid. Rest with God.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me.

Again. The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me.

With ease, bring your attention to the breath.

Take a few nice, deep breaths.

Make them feel easy and effortless.

Feel life enter your body as you breathe in

and then release your tension. As you breathe out,

inhale, feel how the body expands. Then slowly exhale, feeling the body fall.

Feel the air as it travels in through the nose and follow the air back out through the mouth.

Allow each breath to soften the chest. Relax the shoulders.

Begin to scan the body from the head to the toe, relaxing the body piece by piece.

There is no way to do this wrong.

And now, for a few moments, allow your mind to do what it wants to do.

If it wants to think, then let it think, and if it wants to rest, then let it rest.

Bring your attention to any tightness in the body,

just noticing how the body feels.

Start by relaxing the hands, letting go of any tension in the hands.

Allow the arms to totally relax. Letting go at the elbows and the wrists.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Let the legs become heavy.

Allow the muscles to completely let go.

Let your body Totally relax and release.

And now, if it feels comfortable, take a big, deep breath, letting the air fill up the body.

Notice how the breath changes the way the body feels.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and just allow yourself to be.

Take this verse with you. The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body and when you feel ready allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember Be easy with yourself.

