---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 122
number: 122
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 122
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/7h9vcbHPQLCmFvRTqRXMTJ?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When you're young, it seems that there are certain people that have a golden hand who lead charmed lives which may be totally different from the life you were given. Now, this may seem unfair, but as you get older, you begin to realize everyone suffers. Life is a journey, and everyone will face adversity sooner or later.

This is the nature of life. It's meant to bring you closer to God and to make you more like Jesus. Embrace life as it is, and not as you wish it to be. There's an eternal purpose to every storm. Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse,

God shows no favoritism.

And again, God shows no favoritism.

Gradually, and with ease, bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale. And then allow your awareness to rest in a little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body on the chair and your feet on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece, release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax you.

Let your breath guide you to a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

With ease, bring your attention to the breath.

Take a few nice, deep breaths.

Make them feel easy and effortless.

Feel life enter your body as you breathe in,

and then release your tension as you breathe out.

Inhale, feel how the body expands, then slowly exhale, feeling the body fall.

Feel the air. As it travels in through the nose and follow the air back out through the mouth,

allow each breath to soften the chest and relax the shoulders.

Begin to scan the body from the head to the toe, relaxing the body piece by piece.

There is no way to do this wrong.

And now, for a few moments, allow your mind to do what it wants to do.

If it wants to think, then let it think. And if it wants to rest, then let it rest.

Take this verse with you. God shows no favoritism.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness. back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

