---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 52
number: 52
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 52
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/54GDdQ4IMrGhfqcy3plhVN?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
We frequently focus on relaxing the body in meditation. We do this because a tense body often accompanies a busy mind and a restless spirit. By learning to relax and creating more openness in the body, Our minds can begin to calm and this allows us to really experience the present moment. Take that with you as you settle into this meditation.

Okay, let's begin by consciously relaxing the body. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

As your body begins to settle, take a moment to consider this verse, The Lord will fight for you. You need only to be still.

Again, the Lord will fight for you. You need only to be still.

Now let's take some nice deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Just noticing and observing the breath, watching the rise and the fall of the chest.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are, and then gently come back to the feeling of the breath.

Long, deep inhale. Then a slow, controlled exhale.

Allow the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place where you feel loved.

Feel that natural peace in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you,

not engaging with your feelings, just noticing them,

almost like you're observing your emotions and then letting them go.

Just like loosening your grip, you're letting go of those feelings.

Let God handle whatever is out of your control.

This is a place of acceptance and safety. You can always find rest in God.

Now, begin to notice how your body feels.

When it feels comfortable, begin to consciously relax the body,

scanning down from your head to your toes. Release any areas of tension in the body.

Surrender all of your stress and all of your responsibilities and just let your mind rest.

You are safe. God is looking out for you.

Take this verse with you. The Lord will fight for you. You need only to be still.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths. In through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

