---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 66
number: 66
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 66
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
We often say the words, be easy with it. And we do this because it's important to remember to not get too caught up in what you should or shouldn't do. Ultimately, the act of being intentional about your time in meditation and prayer is enough. Relax. Let being present with God be enough. If your mind is busy, don't worry.

Your opportunity to seek peace in the present And

when you feel ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

Whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right. whatever is pure. Whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable, if anything is excellent or praiseworthy, think about such things.

And again, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable, If anything is excellent or praiseworthy, think about such things.

Now, bring your attention to the way the breath feels, and take a few deep breaths.

Gently expand the chest on the inhale, and then let the body soften on the exhale.

With each breath, There's new life entering the body.

As you breathe, begin to soften the body, starting at the top of the head.

Allow the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Feel gravity push the body down into the chair.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the space around the body.

Feel the air on the skin.

Notice the temperature of the air.

And now, gently move your awareness to the heartbeat.

Allow the rhythm of the heartbeat to relax the body.

Let your awareness rest deeper in the presence of God.

Simply let go.

Bring your attention To any tightness in the body,

just noticing how the body feels,

start by relaxing the hands, letting go of any tension in the hands.

Allow the arms to totally relax, letting go at the elbows and the wrists.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Let the legs become heavy.

Allow the muscles to completely let go.

Let your body totally relax and release.

And now, if it feels comfortable, take a big, deep breath, letting the air fill up the body.

Feel the chest rise on the inhale. Exhale.

and fall on the exhale.

Notice how the breath changes the way the body feels.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and just allow yourself to be.

Take this verse with you. Whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, Whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable, if anything is excellent or praiseworthy, think about such things.

Softly begin to bring your awareness back to the body, back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes. and take a big, deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

