---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 17
number: 17
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 17
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/6iJrhvXjSRRtxxjndUAGE3?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Creating new habits requires persistence. It's a daily choice. You can live in peace by re centering yourself. with the presence of Jesus. By meditating today, you're choosing to live in peace and allowing Jesus to bring calm to your spirit. Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable, taking a few nice, big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse, Stay joined to me and let my teachings become part of you.

And again, stay joined to me and let my teachings become part of you.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice Let

the breath settle and become natural and bring your attention to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it. Just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Notice the air on the skin.

Feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out.

Deepening the inhales and extending the exhales. Letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Now, gently bring your awareness.

Allow your breath to deepen, fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly.

And then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now. Whenever you need to let go of, let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your creator who loves you.

Deep breath in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you. Stay joined to me and let my teachings become part of you.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big, deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

