---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 89
number: 89
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 89
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0UQ62A97PLel2W1GQ3ealF?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Gratitude opens your heart to be able to see and recognize all the good things in your life. When you're thankful, you become more aware of the things that you would normally overlook. Gratitude just makes us better. It brings new life to your soul. Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body,

allowing the body to relax into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. He fills my ears with good things, and I am made young again, like the eagle.

And again. He fills my ears with good things, and I am made young again, like the eagle.

Now. Gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big deep breath in and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly

and then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, let it go, release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your Creator. You are the one who loves you.

Deep breath, in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest. in the loving presence of God.

With a gentle curiosity, begin to notice the breath.

Make the breath deep and full of life. Allow that fresh air to fill up the lungs, and then relax the body as you exhale.

Let your body become heavy. As your mind continues to relax, you are exactly where you need to be.

And now, come to the heartbeat, maybe even listen for its rhythm,

just relaxing and releasing.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it's easy. Bring your awareness back to the heartbeat.

Just listen to your heartbeat and the gentle sound of your breath.

Let your breath act as an anchor to this moment and this practice.

With each breath, allow yourself to rest further into the calm of God's love.

Take this verse with you. He fills my years with good things and I am made young again like the eagle.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room, just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, bring Allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow, for another day of hope.

