---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 193
number: 193
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 193
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3L5Rlb55aYUaeD8v58aE0F?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When left to our own devices, our minds will always desire more. More things, more money, more respect. There's nothing wrong with this, it's human nature. But more is a standard that has no end. Gratitude can change our definition of what is enough. Rest into God's love and your heart will know that it has enough.

Let's start by taking a few nice, deep breaths.

As your breath begins to relax your body, allow your eyes to close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Don't worry about anything. Instead, pray about everything. Tell God what you need and thank Him for all He has done.

And again. Don't worry about anything. Instead, pray about everything. Tell God what you need and thank Him for all He has done.

With a gentle ease, let's go ahead and take a nice deep breath.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

Allow your inhales to fill the body up.

And then, totally relax the body on the exhale.

Notice how your breath changes the way your body feels.

And on your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale, and two on the exhale. Three on the next inhale, and four on the next exhale. Counting up to ten. And then starting over again.

If you lose track of the breath, it's okay. Just start over again, counting from one.

There is nowhere to go, nowhere to be. We are just here, counting the breath.

On the next exhale. Allow the breath to relax and become natural.

And now for a moment or two, let your mind relax.

When it feels natural, let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath, allow the body to become softer and more relaxed.

Almost like a wave. of relaxation washing over the body.

The breath fills up the body and then it gives way to that natural relaxation that's right under the surface.

Now, let's turn our awareness to how the body feels,

just examining the body with an easy curiosity.

Allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms and allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen. As your awareness rests deeper,

just relaxing and releasing,

you are here and everything is okay. God is with you.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and allow yourself to simply be.

Take this verse with you. Don't worry about anything, instead, pray about everything, tell God what you need, and thank him for all he has done.

Allow your awareness to slowly come back to your body, and when it feels natural, begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair, maybe you want to stretch a little bit. Do whatever feels good. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

