---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 96
number: 96
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 96
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
The pace of everyday life gives us no place to rest, no place to release the pains and the damage that we've experienced. It gives us no time to address the things that hold our spirit down. We all need a place where we can be honest about who we are and what we're experiencing. As you meditate, let go and let God have it all.

Open your heart to Him and let Him sort it out. Okay. Let's get started by allowing the body to relax. And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

I cry aloud to the Lord. Before Him I tell my trouble.

And again. I cry aloud to the Lord. Before Him I I tell my trouble,

when it feels natural, let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath, allow the body to become softer and more relaxed,

almost like a wave of relaxation washing over the body.

The breath fills up the body, and then it gives way. To that natural relaxation that's right under the surface.

Now let's turn our awareness to how the body feels.

Just examining the body with an easy curiosity.

Allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms. And allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen as your awareness rests deeper.

Just relaxing and releasing.

You are here. and everything is okay. God is with you.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and allow yourself to simply be.

Now, let's take some nice deep breaths, in through the nose and out through the mouth,

just noticing. And observing the breath, watching the rise and the fall of the chest,

listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are. And then gently come back to the feeling of the breath.

Long deep inhale, then a slow controlled exhale.

Allow the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place. where you feel loved,

feel that natural peace in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Take this verse with you. I cry aloud to the Lord. Before Him I tell my trouble.

Softly, begin to bring your awareness. Back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take a big deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

