---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 195
number: 195
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 195
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/2eG6pvdtnFiEu8xcq4RDmY?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Meditation is a cumulative experience.

The more you meditate and pray, the more your spirit aligns with God. Only looking back will you be able to notice how far you've come. The same is true of learning to see the world like God. With persistence, you can learn to let go of expectations and see others in love. Over time, forgiveness and understanding won't be something that requires attention.

It will become the natural way in which you view the world.

Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body.

Allowing the body to relax into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

Teach me your ways, O Lord, and I will walk in your truth.

Again, teach me your ways, O Lord, and I will walk in your truth.

Now let's take some nice deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Just noticing and observing the breath, watching the rise and the fall of the chest.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings. you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are and then gently come back to the feeling of the breath.

Long deep inhale, then a slow controlled exhale.

Allow the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place where you feel loved.

Feel that natural peace in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

Allow your inhales to fill the body up.

And then totally relax the body on the exhale.

Notice how your breath changes the way your body feels.

And on your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale, and two on the exhale. Three, on the next inhale, and four, on the next exhale, counting up to ten, and then starting over again.

If you lose track of the breath, it's okay. Just start over again, counting from one.

There is nowhere to go, nowhere to be. We are just here, counting the breath.

On the next exhale. Allow the breath to relax and become natural.

And now for a moment or two, let your mind relax.

Take this verse with you.

Teach me your ways, O Lord, and I will walk in your truth.

When it feels easy, bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths. and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

