---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 163
number: 163
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 163
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0PPRWmFNhzCEQBmapltVrJ?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Meditation isn't so much about controlling your thoughts. That would be impossible. Rather, you can begin to recognize the thoughts as a natural part of meditation. You're choosing to recognize them for what they are, just thoughts and feelings. And thoughts and feelings are always changing. You can let go and release them to God.

Okay, let's begin by taking a few seconds to consciously relax the body.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Let him have all your worries and cares. For he is always thinking about you and watching everything that concerns you.

And again, let him have all your worries and cares. For he is always thinking about you and watching everything that concerns you.

Now, take a moment to be grateful for this opportunity to relax.

Notice how good it feels just to be here in this moment.

When it feels natural, begin to deepen the breath.

Let go of your worries and focus your attention on the breath.

Nothing else matters right now. You are here. There is nothing to do but relax.

Allow your body to honor the natural calm given by God's presence.

Just listening to the breath. Noticing the rise and the fall of the chest.

Deep breath in, expanding the body. And then exhale, letting your awareness rest.

Take another deep breath as you feel your lungs expand,

and exhale, following the air back out through the mouth.

The thoughts may take you away, and that's okay.

With each breath, Effortlessly, rest into the arms of God.

Now, slowly begin to take some deep breaths, allowing the body to open.

Let the breath relax any areas of tightness in the body.

Consciously, start to turn the muscles off.

Start with the muscles. in the feet and the legs.

Allow the feet to be heavy on the floor.

Allow the chest and the back to open so the breathing can become deep and natural.

Soften the shoulders. Allow them to fall away from the ears.

Let the head fall. And become heavy at the neck.

Feel the weight of the body and how it pushes you down into the chair.

When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness to the sound of your breath.

Not changing anything about the breath, just noticing it.

Listening to the gentle rhythm of the inhales and exhales. and exhales,

filling the body up with fresh air,

and then slowly exhaling and letting go.

Let your mind be still.

Take this verse with you.

Let him have all your worries and cares, for he is always thinking about you and watching everything that concerns you.

Allow your awareness to slowly come back to your body. And when it feels natural, begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair. Maybe you want to stretch a little bit. Do whatever feels good. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

