---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 53
number: 53
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 53
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
We've all experienced moments in life where we're searching for some kind of approval. Know that God approves of you. He designed you to be who you are. Everything about you that makes you who you are was specifically put there by God. You are loved. God accepts you exactly as you are. Allow that message to rest with you as you meditate today.

Let's start by taking a few nice, deep breaths.

As your breath begins to relax your body. Allow your eyes to close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse, search me oh God, and know my heart. Test me, and know my anxious thoughts.

And again, search me, oh God, and know my heart. Test me, and know my anxious thoughts

with an easy awareness. Bring your attention to the space in the room,

just noticing the space with an easy curiosity.

Notice your place in the room,

feel the weight of your body in the chair,

feel the air on your skin,

listen to the sounds in the room.

Maybe it's quiet in the room, maybe it's not, both are okay.

You're just listening. and welcoming the sounds as part of the exercise.

Not wishing to change the sounds, just accepting the sounds as they are.

When it feels natural, slowly bring your awareness to the breath.

Allow your breath to be a reminder to stay in this present moment.

If your mind begins to wander, You can always come back to the feeling of the breath.

Relax, and let your body honor the natural calm that only comes from the presence of a loving God.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath.

Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, And then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly,

and then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whenever you need to let go of. Let it go, release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your Creator who loves you.

Deep breath, in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember. This is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you. Search me, O God, and know my heart. Test me and know my anxious thoughts.

Allow your awareness to slowly come back to your body and when it feels natural, begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair, maybe you want to stretch a little bit. Do whatever feels good. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

