---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 263
number: 263
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 263
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5deirohACuKV6t1kdLxzWh?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Life can bring you down roads that pull you away from God, but you're never so far away that you're beyond his reach. If you're feeling a little lost today or maybe in need of some direction, allow yourself to rest and trust that God's hand is at work in your life.

Okay, let's begin by consciously relaxing the body. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close

as your body begins to settle. Take a moment. To consider this verse, the good man does not escape all troubles. He has them too, but the Lord helps him in each and every one.

And again, the good man does not escape all troubles. He has them too, but the Lord helps him in each and every one

with an easy awareness. Bring your attention to the space in the room.

Just noticing the space with an easy curiosity.

Notice your place in the room.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

Feel the air on your skin.

Listen to the sounds in the room.

Maybe it's quiet in the room, maybe it's not. Both are okay.

You're just listening and welcoming the sounds as part of the exercise.

Not wishing to change the sounds. Just accepting the sounds as they are

when it feels natural. Slowly bring your awareness to the breath.

Allow your breath to be a reminder to stay in this present moment.

If your mind begins to wander, you can always come back to the feeling of the breath.

Relax and let your body honor the natural calm that only comes from the presence of a loving God.

With ease. Bring your attention to the breath.

Take a few nice deep breaths.

Make them feel easy and effortless.

Feel life. Enter your body as you breathe in,

and then release your tension as you breathe out.

Inhale, feel how the body expands, then slowly. Exhale, feeling the body fall.

Feel the air as it travels in through the nose and follow the air back out through the mouth.

Allow each breath to soften the chest and relax The shoulders

begin to scan the body from the head to the toe, relaxing the body piece by piece.

There's no way to do this wrong,

and now for a few moments. Allow your mind to do what it wants to do.

If it wants to think, then let it think, and if it wants to rest, then let it rest.

Take this verse with you. The good man does not escape all troubles. He has them too, but the Lord helps him in each and every one.

Allow your awareness to slowly come back to your body, and when it feels natural, begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair. Maybe you want to stretch a little bit, do whatever feels good. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of Hope.

I.

