---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 239
number: 239
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 239
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4ewtHUuo0kpjrTNxdLYYf6?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
As you go through life, you will grow and change. You will become more like the people and things you spend your time with. If you focus on the approval of others, your thoughts will be consumed by what others think. But by spending time with God, you can become more like Him. His love and acceptance for you will become your love and acceptance for others.

Rest with that today as you relax into this meditation.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started by taking a moment to notice your breath,

just the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now, take a moment. The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness.

And again, the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness. Faithfulness.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice and easy.

Let the breath settle and become natural and bring your attention to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it, just becoming aware of your body

Notice the air on the skin,

feel the chair beneath you,

pay attention to the position of your body, make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind,

does the mind feel calm, does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out.

Deepening the inhales and extending the exhales. Letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room.

Just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy. Deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation, and then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, deep breath in, filling up the body, and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, forbearance. Kindness, goodness, faithfulness.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room, just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

