---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 44
number: 44
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 44
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---


There are important things all around us that remind us of God's love. It's the kind gesture of a coworker when they know you're having a tough time. Or the smile on the face of the person in the drive thru window. Or maybe even more abstract things like spring blooms after a gloomy winter. Or the sun coming out after a hard rain.

The simplest noticing can remind us that with Jesus, There's always light behind the clouds. Let that sit with you as you begin to meditate.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable.

Take a few nice, big, Deep breath,

and when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. Nothing in all creation can separate us from God's love for us.

And again, nothing in all creation can separate us from God's love for us.

Now, bring your attention to your breath, just a soft, easy awareness.

Notice what it feels like as air passes in through the nose and then back out through the mouth.

Let the breath bring life to your body.

Begin to listen to the sound of your breath,

listening to the inhale and the exhale.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax and become natural.

Allow your breath to bring renewal to your body.

You're making space to notice God's presence in your life.

When it feels comfortable, Bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to enter every part of your body.

Feel the presence of God in this space. Let go of control and rest into the arms of God.

When it feels comfortable, Take a few nice, deep breaths in,

really making a point to expand the body and expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle, allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body's tight, or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness, and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body. and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. Nothing in all creation can separate us from God's love for us.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

