---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 198
number: 198
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 198
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/7xlg4oKMnLwKtfjGNnbONS?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Daily life comes with a lot of stress. It's natural to get caught up in your thoughts as you go through your daily life. Whether your life is really busy or not so busy at all, the stress of life can cause worry. Either way, it's important to remember that these thoughts and feelings are just that. Just thoughts and feelings.

You have the power to change these things. When you live in the present moment with God, worries and anxieties become smaller.

When you feel ready, go ahead and get comfortable in your position,

really allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

If you make the Most High your dwelling, then no harm will befall you.

Again, if you make the Most High your dwelling, then no harm will befall you.

With a gradual ease, take a nice, big breath.

Be intentional with the breath.

Big, deep inhales. And nice, long exhales.

Relax and settle into your body.

With each breath, allow the muscles to soften and let go.

Feel that sense of gravity and weight in the body.

You're just uncovering the natural calm that's always accessible through God.

Now, with ease, bring your awareness to the sounds in the room.

Just listening to the sounds with easy curiosity.

Not placing judgment on the sounds, just noticing the sounds and accepting them as part of this practice.

If the thoughts take you away, it's okay. When you notice the thoughts, gently bring your awareness back to the sounds.

Just noticing. Now,

for a moment or two, let your awareness go where it wants to go.

When you feel comfortable, bring your attention to the feeling of the body.

Make sure you aren't holding any stress or anxiety in the body.

Consciously, begin to scan the body and make sure everything is comfortable. and relaxed.

Take a few natural deep breaths.

Release any emotions or feelings you brought with you to this practice.

Let God handle what you cannot.

Relax the body a little more with each out breath.

Simply let go. And rest in the presence of God.

Feel the space around the body. Appreciate

the sounds in the room.

Just listening and experiencing the feeling of breathing.

If you notice any resistance in the body, come back to the breath and allow that tension to release.

You are safe.

Take this verse with you. If you make the most high your dwelling, then no harm will befall you.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice, deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

