---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 204
number: 204
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 204
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/2TAMNeFsOGGQi9qg1FJClf?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Going through life, it can feel like we have to be different people for our different roles. Maybe you need to be the dependable one at work, or the loving one at home. It's hard to find a time just to be who you are. Today, as you pray, allow yourself to be who you are. There's no one to impress. No responsibilities to uphold.

Just allow yourself to be.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable.

Take a few nice, big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made.

Again, I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made.

Now, bring your attention to the way the breath feels, and take a few deep breaths.

Gently expand the chest on the inhale. And then let the body soften on the exhale.

With each breath, there's new life entering the body.

As you breathe, begin to soften the body, starting at the top of the head.

Allow the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Feel gravity push the body down. the chair.

Now gently bring your awareness to the space around the body.

Feel the air on the skin.

Notice the temperature of the air.

And now gently move your awareness to the heartbeat.

Allow the rhythm of the heartbeat to relax the body.

Let your awareness. Rest deeper in the presence of God.

Simply let go.

Now, consciously begin to relax your muscles.

Begin to notice how the body feels.

Just scanning the body from the head down to the toes,

consciously relaxing any areas of tightness or tension.

Take a few big, deep breaths in.

Notice how the breath changes the body.

Just relaxing and releasing, allowing your body to totally let go.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. Thoughts are a normal part of meditation. You aren't holding on to the thoughts or the feelings. You're just allowing them to bubble up.

You're releasing those thoughts to God.

Now, for a moment or two, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Take this verse with you. I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

