---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 270
number: 270
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 270
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/12Xl6t9HCBZJr4LwD9tXTf?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Jesus spent most of his time on Earth with people who did not agree with him, but he treated them with love and won them over.

Everyone has a different path, especially when it comes to faith,

when you're patient and loving to people who may not see the world as you do. You're trusting that God will move in their lives according to his plan.

Your only responsibility is to love others as God loves you

as you go about your day. Remember that you can represent God's love in other people's lives.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few nice, deep breaths

as you begin to feel your body releasing. Allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

Love always looks for the best

again. Love always looks for the best.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room.

Just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body,

welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice deep breaths,

real easy. Deep breaths

now begin to slow down the inhale

long, slow, deep inhalation, and then let the breath out. Relax

again. Take another long, slow, deep breath in filling up the body, and then let the exhale come naturally

with each breath. Let your mind relax,

allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now for a few moments, let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

And now bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow its rhythm to relax the body.

As you begin to relax, bring your attention to the weight of the body.

Allow the arms and the legs to become heavy.

Allow the face to soften all the way down through the neck,

soften the skin.

Allow the corners of the eyes to relax.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Release the elbows.

Let the wrists and the hands relax,

soften the chest and the stomach.

Release the hips and the thighs,

relax the calves all the way down to the ankles.

Allow the entire body to let go and totally relax.

There is nowhere to go. You are exactly where you're supposed to be.

Take this verse with you. Love always looks for the best.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing, and when you're ready, slowly open your eyes. Take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch and sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care, and we'll see you again tomorrow with Hope, mindfulness, and Prayer.

