---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 106
number: 106
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 106
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Everything depends on your perspective. Your perspective is created by what you're focusing on. If you focus on the world, your heart will be distressed. If you focus on yourself, your heart will be depressed. But if you focus on God, your heart will be at rest. Okay, go ahead and get comfortable in your position, really allowing the body to relax.

And when you feel ready. Let your eyes slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Those who wait on the Lord get fresh strength. They spread their wings and soar like eagles.

And again. Those who wait on the Lord get fresh strength. They spread their wings. Now,

bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly bring your attention to those areas of tightness and relax them, piece by piece.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts. To God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths.

Inhale, feel the chest rise. And exhale, feel the chest fall.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, take Bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

Let's take a few nice, deep breaths.

Allow your breath to fill the body up,

and then relax with each out breath.

With each new breath, allow the chest to open and the body to relax.

Let go of any tension in your body.

Just focus your attention on the breath.

Deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

And when it feels comfortable, begin to count the breath.

One on the inhale and two on the exhale.

Three. On the next inhale and four on the next exhale, counting up to 10 and then starting over again.

Now let go of the counting and bring your attention to the sound of your breathing.

Just a nice soft focus on the air coming in and the air going out.

Just relaxing and releasing.

Allow your awareness to rest with the breath.

Take this verse with you. Those who wait on the Lord get fresh strength. They spread their wings and soar like eagles.

Softly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take a big, deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of Hope.

Take care.

