---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 40
number: 40
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 40
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3uSNrZfq0hBMyZNgaiWa6p?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
As you begin to practice being mindful in your daily life, one of the things you'll notice is that you'll begin to see beauty in areas you never did before. Finding joy isn't about changing your circumstances, it's about changing your outlook and finding God in your life as it is right now. Remind yourself of that today.

and see how it changes the way you feel. Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. My prayer is that light will flood your hearts. And that you will understand the hope that was given to you when God chose you.

And again, my prayer is that light will flood your hearts and that you will understand the hope that was given to you. When God chose you,

with ease, bring your attention to the breath.

Take a few nice, deep breaths.

Make them feel easy and effortless.

Feel life enter your body. As you breathe in,

and then release your tension as you breathe out.

Inhale. Feel how the body expands. Then slowly exhale, feeling the body fall.

Feel the air as it travels in through the nose. And follow the air back out through the mouth.

Allow each breath to soften the chest and relax the shoulders.

Begin to scan the body from the head to the toe, relaxing the body piece by piece.

There is no way to do this wrong.

And now, for a few moments, allow your mind to do what it wants to do.

If it wants to think then let it think. And if it wants to rest then let it rest.

Bring your attention to any tightness in the body.

Just noticing how the body feels.

Start by relaxing the hands. Letting go of any tension in the hands.

Allow the arms totally relax. Letting go at the elbows and the wrists.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Let the legs become heavy.

Allow the muscles to completely let go.

Let your body totally relax and release.

And now, if it feels comfortable, take a big, deep breath, letting the air fill up the body.

Notice how the breath changes the way the body feels.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and just allow yourself to be.

Take this verse with you. My prayer is that light will flood your hearts. and that you will understand the hope that was given to you when God chose you.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing and when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch and sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care, and we'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

