---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 116
number: 116
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 116
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
We all are wired to need connection by design. Prayer connects our heart to the thoughts of Jesus. God wants us to connect with him. Prayer begins in the head, but as you sit in silence, see if you can let go into the presence of God. Rest into that deep place within, where God fills your mind and soul. A place of prayer without words.

OK. Let's get started by allowing the body to relax,

and when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Because you belong to Christ Jesus, God's peace will stand guard over all your thoughts and feelings.

And again. Because you belong to Christ Jesus, God's peace will stand guard over all your thoughts and feelings.

Now, bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you,

not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them with an easy curiosity.

Now take a few deep breaths and allow the body to relax a little more with each exhale.

With each passing thought, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now begin to deepen the breath.

Inhale slowly and lengthen the breath. And then exhale, letting go of the breath.

And then right back into the next inhale.

Slow it down and make it deep.

And then exhale. Let the body relax.

Now, allow your breath to settle and let your mind settle with it.

Give yourself space. Just to be who you are, a child of God.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room.

Just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy, deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation. And then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, deep breath in. Filling up the body. And then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. Because you belong to Christ Jesus, God's peace will stand guard over all your thoughts and feelings.

Softly, begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take a big deep breath in. Take a moment. to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

