---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 168
number: 168
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 168
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/37buHQGwmu5SXJnSUJ1kZ5?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
It's important to remember that there's no particular right way to do meditation. It isn't a performance that's rated or measured. Sometimes, when you try to relax, it doesn't happen. It's almost like the expectation prevents you from achieving it. You can't force peace or love. You can't force the petals back on a flower to make it bloom.

It's all about letting go and receiving the things that are meant for you.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started by taking a moment to notice your breath.

Just the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

Keep company with me and you'll learn to live freely and lightly.

And again. Keep company with me and you'll learn to live freely and lightly.

Gradually, and with ease, bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale, and then allow your awareness to rest in a little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath, The body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body on the chair and your feet on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece, release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax you.

Let your breath guide you to a place of safety. In the presence of God,

you are accepted here. You are loved.

Now bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them with an easy curiosity.

Now, take a few deep breaths. and allow the body to relax a little more with each exhale.

With each passing thought, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now begin to deepen the breath.

Inhale slowly and lengthen the breath, and then exhale, letting go of the breath,

and then right back into the next inhale.

Slow it down and make it deep

and then exhale. Let the body relax.

Now, allow your breath to settle and let your mind settle with it.

Give yourself space just to be who you are, a child of God.

Take this verse with you. Keep company with me and you'll learn to live freely and lightly.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair. And when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time.

With hope. Mindfulness and prayer.

