---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 48
number: 48
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 48
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0gwl9bmkSUNsQkgMdbauna?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Sometimes, God's love can feel so solid and tangible in our lives, and then other times feel so far away. But this feeling of loneliness has more to do with us than it does with God. God's love is all around us, all the time. It's always present, but sometimes we just can't see it. Just like the sun shining behind the clouds, you don't have to see it to trust that it's there.

Think about that as you meditate today. Okay, let's go ahead and get started by taking a moment to notice your breath.

Just the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, Let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. You belong to God.

And again. You belong to God.

Gradually, and with ease. Bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale, and then allow your awareness to rest in a little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath, the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body. On the chair and your feet. On the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece, release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax you.

Let your breath guide you to a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

Now, bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them with an easy curiosity.

Now take a few deep breaths and allow the body to relax a little more with each exhale.

With each passing thought, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now. Begin to deepen the breath.

Inhale slowly and lengthen the breath. And then exhale, letting go of the breath. And

then right back into the next inhale.

Slow it down and make it deep.

And then exhale. Let the body relax.

Now, allow your breath to settle and let your mind settle with it.

Give yourself space just to be who you are, a child of God.

Take this verse with you. You belong to God.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair, and when you feel ready, Allow your eyes to open and take a nice, deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

