---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 219
number: 219
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 219
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5U3zmyeunZJxBbBc8LpslN?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Living in the present moment allows you to live in the truth. Memories will change as your feelings change, but true beauty and unconditional love are truths that are only accessible in the here and now.

Let's go ahead and get started by gently bringing your attention to the breath.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

There are three things that remain. Faith, hope, and love. And the greatest of these love.

And again, there are three things that remain. Faith, hope, and love. And the greatest of these is love.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm. Effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Feel your feet on the floor and the weight of your body in the chair.

Now, gently bring your attention to your emotions.

Just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them. As an observer,

remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to bubble up and out.

Remember, today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

With a gradual ease, take a nice big breath.

Be intentional with the breath.

Big deep inhales and nice long exhales.

With each breath, allow the muscles to soften and let go.

Feel that sense of gravity and weight in the body.

You're just uncovering the natural calm that's always accessible through God.

Now, with ease, bring your awareness to the sounds in the room.

Just listening to the sounds with easy curiosity.

Not placing judgment on the sounds, just noticing the sounds and accepting them as as part of this practice.

If the thoughts take you away, it's okay. When you notice the thoughts, gently bring your awareness back to the sounds.

Just noticing and listening.

Now, for a moment or two, let your awareness go where it wants to go.

Take this verse with you.

There are three things that remain. Faith, Hope and love. And the greatest of these is love.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. For another day of hope.

