---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 76
number: 76
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 76
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Jesus introduced an amazing concept to the world. He told us that God is our Father. Not a distant, far off ruler that wants to punish us for our misdeeds, but a loving Father who will go to any lengths to bring us home. Remember, your life is a journey and it has a purpose. The purpose is to bring you home.

God is always at work in your life. Okay, let's get started. by allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. For you are all children of god. Through faith in Christ Jesus.

And again, For you are all children of god. through faith in Christ Jesus.

When it feels natural, begin to consciously relax the body.

Release the tension in your hands.

Let the shoulders relax and fall away from the ears.

Allow the neck to relax and let go.

Take a big, deep breath in.

Release your stress. Let go of your frustrations.

If your mind is full of thoughts, it's okay.

When it feels natural, just come back to the feeling of the breath.

We aren't holding onto the thoughts, we're just noticing them and letting them go.

Bring your awareness to the way your body feels.

Notice how your breath relaxes the body.

Allow that natural rhythm of your breath to calm your body,

not trying to change anything, just accepting the body the way it is.

Allow yourself to relax in the loving presence of God.

Now bring your attention to the position of the body.

Make sure you can breathe in an open and natural way.

Allow the chest to open and take a few nice deep breaths.

Let the breath fill the body up with life.

With each breath you're bringing your awareness into this moment.

Relax and allow God to speak to you in the way that he wants.

Let your thoughts go and allow your awareness to rest in this moment.

If your thoughts wander off, that's okay. It's natural for the thoughts to drift.

As best you can. Leave those thoughts right where they are and come back to that feeling of your body.

Our feelings and emotions can distract us from the natural calm of God's love.

There isn't anything to discover. It's always been there.

This is a safe place. God loves you.

Take this verse with you, for you are all children of God through faith in Christ Jesus.

Softly, begin to bring your awareness back to the body, back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes. and take a big, deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

