---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 152
number: 152
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 152
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4rA4gdXlUZmAkXNJ7NALpB?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Sometimes in life, things will go your way, and other times, they won't. It's so easy to feel like God is with us when things are good, and he's nowhere to be found when things are bad. We tend to forget that he can see the whole story in a way that we never will. We can trust that good or bad, God is working for our benefit.

Okay. Let's begin by taking a few seconds to consciously relax the body,

and when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse, God keeps his promise, and he will not allow you to be tested, beyond your power to remain firm.

And again, God keeps his promise and he will not allow you to be tested beyond your power to remain firm.

In your own time, take a few nice, deep breaths

in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Allow the body to let go. A little bit more with each exhale.

Feel the face and the neck softening as your body begins to relax.

Notice how your breath softens and relaxes the body.

Come to that sense of weight in the body, allowing the chair to hold the body up.

Relax the arms all the way down to the hands.

Allow the legs to become heavy.

Relaxing all the way down to the toes.

Feel the muscles softening.

Allow the natural rhythm of the breath to relax the body.

Notice the rise and fall. and the fall of the chest.

Just noticing how good it feels just to breathe.

And now, for a moment or two, let your awareness be free. Let it rest.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm. Effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Feel your feet on the floor and the weight of your body in the chair.

Now, gently bring your attention To your emotions,

just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them as an observer.

Remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to bubble up and out.

Remember today is a new day. with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

Take this verse with you. God keeps his promise and he will not allow you to be tested beyond your power to remain firm.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths in through the nose, and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

