---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 74
number: 74
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 74
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
In meditation and prayer, we have a unique opportunity to absorb the Bible in a way that we can't otherwise. We get the chance to make it a part of our perspective and our heart in a truly effortless and easy way. It changes from something we know into something that we are. Feeling God's presence in our lives becomes easier because we become more aware of His touch.

Let yourself rest on that today. God is with you and He loves you. Let's begin. By loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. For he alone is my safe place. His wraparound presence always protects me.

And again. For he alone is my safe place. His wraparound presence always protects me.

As you relax, allow God's presence of peace to wash over you.

Let your breath fill your body and relax your muscles.

As your breath relaxes your body, bring your attention to the heartbeat,

just noticing him. The quiet rhythm of your heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to calm your mind,

to relax your body.

Let go of any feelings of stress or worry.

God is taking care of you.

Allow those feelings to go.

You are safe here,

and if thoughts take you away, that's okay. Be easy with the thoughts. Just remember, you can always come back to the breath and the heartbeat.

Let yourself relax and allow God to speak to your heart.

Keeping your eyes closed, Bring your awareness to the space around the room,

just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy, deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation. And then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, deep breath in. Filling up the body. and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you, for he alone is my safe place, his wraparound presence always protects me.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow. With hope, mindfulness, and prayer, remember, be easy with yourself.

