---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 14
number: 14
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 14
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/6SzNvAW8QbJjFncgJGW2Y6?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
We all need a refuge, a safe place to escape the storms of life. God tells us that He is our refuge. He is our help and our relief. Whenever life becomes heavy, seek refuge in the love of Jesus. Allow that message to rest with you as you work your way through this meditation.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders. And

when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. For in the day of trouble he will keep me safe in his dwellings.

And again. For in the day of trouble he will keep me safe in his dwellings.

As you relax, allow God's presence of peace to wash over you.

Let your breath fill your body. and relax your muscles.

As your breath relaxes your body, bring your attention to the heartbeat,

just noticing the quiet rhythm of your heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to calm your mind,

to relax your body.

Let go any feelings of stress or worry.

God is taking care of you.

Allow those feelings to go.

You are safe here.

And if thoughts take you away, that's okay. Be easy with the thoughts. Just remember, you can always come back to the breath and the heartbeat.

Let yourself relax and allow God to speak to your heart.

Keeping your eyes closed. Bring your awareness to the space around the room,

just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice, Deep breaths.

Real easy. Deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation. And then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, deep inhalation. Deep breath in, filling up the body, and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention. And let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. For in the day of trouble, he will keep me safe in his dwellings.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

