---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 165
number: 165
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 165
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3PaioOGCksrdzaVrs4Cpao?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
As you meditate today, rest with the truth that you are personally known to the creator of the universe and he truly loves you. This idea can be really hard to believe and can feel untrue, but true love is always hard to believe, even when it exists. So, as you meditate today, rest with the knowledge That God knows you and loves you.

He will always be with you and will never leave you.

Let's start by taking a few nice, deep breaths.

As your breath begins to relax your body, allow your eyes to close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment. To consider this verse,

the Spirit of God, who raised Jesus from the dead, lives in you.

And again, the Spirit of God, who raised Jesus from the dead, lives in you.

Bring your attention to any tightness in the body.

Just noticing how the body feels.

Start by relaxing the hands. Letting go of any tension in the hands.

Allow the arms to totally relax. Letting go at the elbows and the wrists.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Let the legs become heavy.

Allow the muscles to completely let go.

Let your body totally relax and release.

And now, if it feels comfortable, take a big, deep breath, letting the air fill up the body.

Feel the chest rise on the inhale

and fall on the exhale.

Notice how the breath changes the way the body feels.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and just allow yourself to be.

Now, let's take some nice, deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Just noticing and observing the breath.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are, and then gently come back to the feeling of the breath.

Long, deep inhale. Then a slow, controlled exhale. Exhale.

Allow the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place where you feel loved.

Feel that natural peace in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Take this verse with you. The Spirit of God who raised Jesus from the dead lives in you.

When it feels easy, bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

