---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 137
number: 137
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 137
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1HcqxSE6uAa9KtMDCnM7UE?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
There are so many little frustrations that occur throughout the day. Just little things that throw you off and steal your peace of mind. Sharing those frustrations with God is an easy way to let go. Like clouds passing by, these little annoyances will come and go, and the sun will shine again. Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable.

Taking a few nice, big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready. Allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Pour out all your worries and stress upon him and leave them there.

And again, pour out all your worries and stress upon him and leave them there.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice and easy,

let the breath settle and become natural and bring your attention to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it, just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Notice the air on the skin,

feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out.

Deepening the inhales and extending the exhales, letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Now gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big deep breath in and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly

and then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now. Whatever you need to let go of. Let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your creator who loves you.

Deep breath in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice. Be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you. Pour out all your worries and stress upon Him and leave them there.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness Back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow, with Hope Mindfulness & Prayer.

