---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 169
number: 169
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 169
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/60ouRYpgs1ePORhCmwSqcl?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
The most common misconception around prayer is that it's some sort of request line to God. And surely, in some cases, it is that. But we forget that prayer is largely for our benefit. It's an outlet to express our heart and to let go. Prayer allows us to lay our concerns at the feet of God and to leave them there.

Prayer releases us from the prison of self centeredness and the need for control. Prayer lays the groundwork for a healthy relationship with God.

Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body,

allowing the body to relax into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

In peace, I will lie down and sleep. For you alone, O Lord, will keep me safe.

And again. In peace, I will lie down and sleep. For you alone, O Lord, will keep me safe.

Gently, bring your awareness to any sensations you're feeling.

Just noticing the sensations on the body.

Maybe it's the air on the skin, or the weight of the body in the chair.

Just noticing and welcoming these sensations as part of the meditation.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest as you breathe.

Follow the breath and notice how it changes your body.

The inhales expanding the body and filling it up with life. And the exhales, relaxing the body, letting go.

Follow the breath as it comes in through the nose and then goes back out through the mouth.

You don't have to do anything. It's natural and effortless. Your body knows how to relax.

You are simply unearthing the calm that was already there.

This is a safe place of love and deep rest.

Allow your mind to take refuge in God.

When it feels natural, let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath. Allow the body to become softer and more relaxed,

almost like a wave of relaxation washing over the body.

The breath fills up the body and then it gives way to that natural relaxation that's right under the surface.

Now. Let's turn our awareness to how the body feels.

Just examining the body with an easy curiosity.

Allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms and allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen as your awareness rests deeper.

Just relaxing and releasing.

You are here and everything is okay. God is with you.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and allow yourself to simply be.

Take this verse with you. In peace, I will lie down and sleep. For you alone, O Lord, will keep me safe.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. For another day of hope.

