---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 149
number: 149
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 149
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0daY2W8Cr3YL0y6yoH2RHv?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
To find peace in the world, you must first find peace in yourself. Learning to love yourself starts by accepting that you're loved by God. Not if you lost a little weight or were a little smarter, but just as you are right now in this very moment. When you can keep God's perspective in mind, it becomes easier to see God in others.

and to find peace in the world exactly as it is.

Let's begin by allowing the body to become heavy.

And as you begin to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Don't be afraid. I saved you. I named you. You are mine

and again, don't be afraid. I saved you. I named you. You are mine.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly,

and then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, Let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your Creator who loves you.

Deep breath in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, This is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God. With

a gentle curiosity, begin to notice the breath.

Make the breath deep and full of life. Allow that fresh air to fill up the lungs and then relax the body as you exhale.

Let your body become heavy as your mind continues to relax. You are exactly where you need to be.

And now, come to the heartbeat. Maybe even listen for its rhythm,

just relaxing and releasing.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it's easy, bring your awareness back to the heartbeat.

Just listen to your heartbeat and the gentle sound of your breath.

Let your breath act as an anchor. to this moment and this practice.

With each breath, allow yourself to rest further into the calm of God's love.

Take this verse with you. Don't be afraid. I saved you. I named you. You are mine.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness. Back to the room, just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of Hope.

