---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 231
number: 231
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 231
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/06SDwp8oFvY16F1trQGxgW?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Releasing control to God can feel like giving up. It's natural to feel that way.

Like a leaf floating down a stream, letting go gives you the flexibility to float and move where God needs you to go.

Peace is found when we accept change.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair.

And when you're ready, take a few nice deep breaths and allow your eyes to slowly close.

As your body begins to settle, take a moment to consider this verse.

Your word is a lamp to guide my feet and a light for my path.

And again, your word is a lamp to guide my feet and a light for my path.

Now consciously begin to relax your muscles.

Feel the weight of gravity on your body as the chair holds you up.

Begin to notice how the body feels.

Just scanning the body from the head down to the toes,

consciously relaxing any areas of tightness or tension.

Take a few big deep breaths in.

Notice how the breath changes the body,

just relaxing and releasing, allowing your body to totally let go.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. Thoughts are a normal part of meditation. You aren't holding on to the thoughts or the feelings. You're just allowing them to bubble up and out.

You're releasing those thoughts to God.

Now. For a moment or two, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now, bring your attention to the way the breath feels, and take a few deep breaths.

Gently expand the chest on the inhale, and then let the body soften on the exhale.

With each breath, There's new life entering the body.

As you breathe, begin to soften the body, starting at the top of the head.

Allow the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the space around the body.

Feel the air on the skin.

Notice the temperature of the air.

And now, gently move your awareness to the heartbeat.

Allow the rhythm of the heartbeat to relax the body.

Let your awareness rest deeper in the presence of God.

Simply let go.

Take this verse with you. Your word is a lamp to guide my feet and a light for my path.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, Slowly open your eyes and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel? I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

