---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 49
number: 49
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 49
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/6ZfG1KwKkyiVWTC0HjV8VR?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
You don't have to accomplish everything at once. One small step in a positive direction is still progress. Today, try to take everything one thing at a time. One moment, one breath, and one step. Things will get done when they get done. God has you covered. Just keep moving forward.

Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body.

Allowing the body to relax into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment to consider this verse, keep company with me and you'll learn to live freely and lightly.

And again, keep company with me and you'll learn to live freely. and lightly,

gently bring your awareness to any sensations you're feeling.

Just noticing the sensations on the body.

Maybe it's the air on the skin or the weight of the body in the chair.

Just noticing and welcoming these sensations. As part of the meditation,

notice the rise and the fall of the chest as you breathe.

Follow the breath and notice how it changes your body.

The inhales, expanding the body and filling it up with life. And the exhales, relaxing the body. letting go.

Follow the breath as it comes in through the nose and then goes back out through the mouth.

You don't have to do anything. It's natural and effortless. Your body knows how to relax.

You are simply unearthing the calm that was already there.

This is a safe place of love. and deep rest.

Allow your mind to take refuge in God.

When it feels natural, let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath, allow the body to become softer and more relaxed,

almost like a wave of relaxation washing over the body.

The breath fills up the body and then it gives way. the other side

let's turn our awareness to how the body feels

just examining the body with an easy curiosity

allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms and allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen. As your awareness rests deeper,

just relaxing and releasing,

you are here and everything is okay. God is with you.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and allow yourself to simply be.

Take this verse with you. Keep company with me. And you'll learn to live freely and lightly.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

