---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 144
number: 144
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 144
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/58A5gDEaPIQUQeb2ta8fzZ?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
A simple thing that can make a world of difference in your life is remembering that the present moment is where God is found. As you rest into this meditation, feel God's presence rest with you.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable, taking a few nice, big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes Now,

take a moment to consider this verse, The Lord God is my strength and my song.

And again, The Lord God is my strength and my song.

Now, bring your attention to the way the breath feels, and take a few deep breaths.

Gently expand the chest on the inhale and then let the body soften on the exhale.

With each breath, there's new life entering the body.

As you breathe, begin to soften the body, starting at the top of the head.

Allow the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Feel gravity. Push the body down into the chair.

Now gently bring your awareness to the space around the body.

Feel the air on the skin.

Notice the temperature of the air.

And now gently move your awareness to the heartbeat.

Allow the rhythm of the heartbeat to relax the body.

Let your awareness rest deeper in the presence of God.

Simply let go.

Now consciously begin to relax your muscles.

Begin to notice how the body feels.

Just scanning the body from the head down to the toes.

Consciously relaxing any areas of tightness or tension.

Take a few big, deep breaths in.

Notice how the breath changes the body.

Just relaxing and releasing, allowing your body to totally let go.

If the thoughts take you away, That's okay. Thoughts are a normal part of meditation. You aren't holding on to the thoughts or the feelings. You're just allowing them to bubble up and out.

You're releasing those thoughts to God.

Now, for a moment or two, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Take this verse with you. The Lord God is my strength. and my song.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with Hope Mindfulness & Prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

