---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 19
number: 19
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 19
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/79zXwcH12CoeY6cxuMrfWF?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Sometimes, the only thing that really separates a memorable moment from a forgettable moment is awareness. It's so easy to let the days just slip away from us. Being mindful in our lives brings gratitude and joy into our day. Gratitude is a practice that allows us to appreciate what we normally would have missed.

Gratitude praises God by recognizing everything he's given to us. Allow that message to rest with you as you work your way through this meditation. Let's go ahead and get started by gently bringing your attention to the breath.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse. He fills my life with good things.

And again, he fills my life with good things.

Now, consciously begin to relax your muscles.

Feel the weight of gravity on your body. As the chair holds you up,

begin to notice how the body feels.

Just scanning the body from the head down to the toes.

Consciously relaxing any areas of tightness or tension.

Take a few big, deep breaths in.

Notice how the breath changes the body.

Just relaxing and releasing. Allowing your body to totally let go.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. Thoughts are a normal part of meditation. You aren't holding on to the thoughts or the feelings. You're just allowing them to bubble up and out.

You're releasing those thoughts to God.

Now, for a moment or two, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath. Let

it settle into a natural rhythm, effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, Let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Now, gently bring your attention to your emotions,

just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them as an observer.

Remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts bubble up and out.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

Take this verse with you. He fills my life with good things.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, Allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

