---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 75
number: 75
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 75
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
The world has a way of clouding our vision of what is good. It's so easy to overlook all the gifts that God has already given to us. Take time right now to slow down. Notice all of the good things in your life.

Life is good. Take the time to slow down. to notice it. It's there if you look for it. Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body,

allowing the body to relax into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

Think about things that are pure and lovely. and dwell on the fine good things in others. Think about all you can praise God for, and be glad about it.

And again, think about things that are pure and lovely, and dwell on the fine good things in others. Think about all you can praise God for, and be glad about it.

Now, Let's take some nice deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth,

just noticing and observing the breath, watching the rise and the fall of the chest.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are, and then gently come back to the feeling of the breath.

Long, deep inhale, then a slow, controlled exhale.

Allow the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place where you feel loved,

feel that natural peace in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Notice how good it feels. Just to breathe.

Allow your inhales to fill the body up.

And then, totally relax the body on the exhale.

Notice how your breath changes the way your body feels.

And on your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale, and two on the exhale. Exhale. Three on the next inhale, and four on the next exhale, counting up to ten, and then starting over again.

If you lose track of the breath, it's okay. Just start over again, counting from one.

There is nowhere to go, nowhere to be. We are just here. Counting the breath.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax and become natural.

And now for a moment or two, let your mind relax.

Take this verse with you. Think about things that are pure and lovely, and dwell on the fine, good things in others. Think about all you can praise God for and be glad about.

When it feels easy, bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

