---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 59
number: 59
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 59
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Sometimes, when we're meditating, we realize that all of a sudden we haven't been present, and from there, the mind can go all kinds of places. It's important to remember that this is a natural part of meditation. When the mind wanders, just accept it and bring yourself back to the path, just peacefully existing and knowing this is all part of the process.

In life and in meditation, give yourself space. Let's go ahead and get started by gently bringing your attention to the breath.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest,

and when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse. With all your heart, rely on him to guide you. And he Will lead you in every decision you make.

And, again, with all your heart, rely on him to guide you, and he will lead you in every decision you make.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in

Nice and easy.

Let the breath settle and become natural. And bring your attention to the space in the room,

not thinking too hard about it, just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Notice the air on the skin,

feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath, coming in, and going out.

Deepening the inhales and extending the exhales, letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room.

Just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy, deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation, and then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, Deep breath in, filling up the body and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you, with all your heart. Rely on Him to guide you, and He will lead you in every decision you make.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room, just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation, and when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow, for another day of hope.

