---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 251
number: 251
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 251
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/7AjhPKsrTRee6ojIk41qrW?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
One of the best ways to deal with stress in your day is to simply take a breath. It will have a calming effect on the body and remind you to stay present in the moment. Prayer can work in the same way. If you can learn to regularly pray throughout your day, it will act as a reminder of what is real and important in your life.

God is with you and you will get through this.

OK. Let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair. And when you're ready, take a few nice, deep breaths and allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Jesus said, Come to me, all of you who are weary and carry heavy burdens, and I will give you rest. Jesus

And again, Jesus said, Come to me, all of you who are weary and carry heavy burdens, and I will give you rest.

Bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you,

not engaging with your feelings, just noticing them,

almost like you're observing your emotions. and then letting them go.

Just like loosening your grip, you're letting go of those feelings.

Let God handle whatever is out of your control.

This is a place of acceptance and safety. You can always find rest in God.

Now, begin to notice how your body feels.

When it feels comfortable, begin to consciously relax the body,

scanning down from your head to your toes. Release any areas of tension in the body.

Surrender all of your stress and all of your responsibilities and just let your mind rest.

You are safe. God is looking out for you.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly.

And then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, let it go, release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit. And connect you to your creator who loves you.

Deep breath, in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you. Jesus said, Come to me, all of you who are weary and carry heavy burdens, and I will give you rest.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes. and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel? I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

