---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 97
number: 97
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 97
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0ntnjUkigOShnvJ5AT4UWu?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When we seek God, we always get more than we ask for. We're seeking connection. And without even asking for it, God begins to change our hearts. He begins to gradually release all those negative thoughts and feelings that we hold on to. Gradually, He changes what's inside of us.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable. Taking a few nice, Big, deep breaths,

and when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

I will give you a new heart, and I will put a new spirit in you. I will take out your stony, stubborn heart, and give you a tender, responsive heart.

And again. I will give you a new heart and I will put a new spirit in you. I will take out your stony, stubborn heart and give you a tender, responsive heart.

With a gentle curiosity, begin to notice the breath.

Natural breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Make the breath deep. and full of life. Allow that fresh air to fill up the lungs, and then relax the body as you exhale.

Let your body become heavy as your mind continues to relax. You are exactly where you need to be.

And now, come to the heartbeat. Maybe even listen for its rhythm,

just relaxing and releasing.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it's easy, bring your awareness back to the heartbeat.

Just listen to your heartbeat and the gentle sound of your breath.

Let your breath act as an anchor to this moment and this practice.

With each breath, allow yourself to rest further into the calm of God's love.

With an easy awareness, bring your attention to the space in the room,

just noticing the space. With an easy curiosity,

notice your place in the room.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

Feel the air on your skin.

Listen to the sounds in the room.

Maybe it's quiet in the room, maybe it's not. Both are okay.

You're just listening. and welcoming the sounds as part of the exercise.

Not wishing to change the sounds, just accepting the sounds as they are.

When it feels natural, slowly bring your awareness to the breath.

Allow your breath to be a reminder to stay in this present moment.

If your mind begins to wander, You can always come back to the feeling of the breath,

relax, and let your body honor the natural calm that only comes from the presence of a loving God.

Take this verse with you. I will give you a new heart, and I will put a new spirit in you. I will take out your stony, stubborn heart. and give you a tender, responsive heart.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big, deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

