---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 159
number: 159
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 159
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3csIvJC8kXY7k9d0zwMyRO?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
The concept of letting go is easier said than done. By coming to God with open hands, you're letting God's hand work in your life. You'll never understand the story of your life like God does, but that's okay, because he loves you more than anyone else ever will. There's an eternal purpose for your life.

When you trust in his plan, Okay, let's go ahead and get started by taking a moment to notice your breath.

Just the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

Even as you grow old and your hair turns gray, I'll keep carrying you.

And again. Even as you grow old and your hair turns gray, I'll keep carrying you.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm. Effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Feel your feet on the floor and the weight of your body in the chair.

Now, gently bring your attention to your emotions,

just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them as an observer.

Remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to flow. To bubble up and out.

Remember, today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

With a gradual ease, take a nice big breath.

Be intentional with the breath.

Big deep inhales and nice long exhales.

With each breath, allow the muscles to to soften and let go.

Feel that sense of gravity and weight in the body.

You're just uncovering the natural calm that's always accessible through God.

Now, with ease, bring your awareness to the sounds in the room.

Just listening to the sounds with easy curiosity.

Not placing judgment on the sounds, just noticing the sounds and accepting them as part of this practice.

If the thoughts take you away, it's okay. When you notice the thoughts, gently bring your awareness back to the sounds.

Just noticing and listening.

Now, for a moment or two. Let your awareness go where it wants to go.

Take this verse with you.

Even as you grow old and your hair turns gray, I'll keep carrying you.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment. to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

