---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 104
number: 104
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 104
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Spending time with God in meditation opens our eyes to see things as they really are. It changes the way we view our life. We begin to see that who we really are is not determined by our achievements or our success. God brings us to realize that how we love defines who we are. Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable.

Taking a few nice, big, deep breaths.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Three things will last forever. Faith and love. And the greatest of these is love.

And again. Three things will last forever. Faith and love. And the greatest of these is love. is love.

Now bring your attention to your breath. Just a soft, easy awareness.

Notice what it feels like as air passes in through the nose and then back out through the mouth.

Let the breath bring life to your body.

Begin to listen to the sound of your breath.

Listening to the inhale and the exhale.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax and become natural.

Allow your breath to bring renewal to your body.

You're making space to notice God's presence in your life.

When it feels comfortable, bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to enter every part of your body.

Feel the presence of God in this space. Let go of control and rest into the arms of God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice deep breaths. Deep breaths in,

really making a point to expand the body and expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle, allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body is tight or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. Three things will last forever. Faith. Hope. and love. And the greatest of these is love.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow. With hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

