---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 253
number: 253
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 253
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1rNyAWw0sJ8I4xlStVpwCD?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Thoughts and emotions have a way of weighing us down.

Even regular day to day decisions can feel emotionally draining at times. Today, as you meditate, I invite you to focus on your breath. With each exhale, allow yourself to let go of that weight. Focus on the breath and let your body become lighter and more at ease.

Let's start by taking a few nice, deep breaths.

As your breath begins to relax your body, allow your eyes to close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

When I am overwhelmed, you alone know the way I should turn.

And again, when I am overwhelmed, you alone know the way I should turn. You alone know the way I should turn.

With a gentle ease, let's go ahead and take a nice deep breath.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

Allow your inhales to fill the body up

and then totally relax the body on the exhale.

Notice how your breath changes the way your body feels.

And on your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale, and two on the exhale. Three on the next inhale, and four on the next exhale. Counting up to ten, and then starting over again.

If you lose track of the breath, it's okay. Just start over again, counting from one.

There is nowhere to go, nowhere to be. We are just here, counting the breath.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax and become natural.

And now for a moment or two, let your mind relax.

When it feels natural. Let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath, allow the body to become softer and more relaxed,

almost like a wave of relaxation washing over the body.

The breath fills up the body and then it gives way to that natural relaxation that's right under the surface.

Now, let's turn our awareness to how the body feels.

Just examining the body with an easy curiosity.

Allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms and allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen as your awareness rests deeper,

just relaxing and releasing.

You are here and everything is okay. God is with you.

And now, for a moment or two, Let go of any focus and allow yourself to simply be.

Take this verse with you. When I am overwhelmed, you alone know the way I should turn.

Allow your awareness to slowly come back to your body and when it feels natural, begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair. Maybe you want to stretch a little bit. Do whatever feels good. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

