---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 268
number: 268
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 268
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/7d1FhVGBfCzacpi76XEAzA?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
It's common practice to set aside time to pray. You say your prayers in the morning or night, then you're done

today. As you relax into this meditation and as you enter into your day, try thinking about prayer as a thing that can happen all day long. Living prayer.

Think about prayer as a living dialogue with God in every moment.

Let's go ahead and get started by gently bringing your attention to the breath.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

Seek his will in all you do, and he will show you which path to take

and again, seek his will in all you do, and he will show you which path to take.

Now bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow its rhythm to relax the body.

As you begin to relax, bring your attention to the weight of the body.

Allow the arms and the legs. To become heavy,

allow the face to soften all the way down through the neck,

soften the skin,

allow the corners of the eyes to relax.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Release the elbows.

Let the wrists and the hands relax.

It softened the chest and the stomach,

release the hips and the thighs.

Relax the calves all the way down to the ankles.

Allow the entire body to let go and totally relax.

If there is nowhere to go, you are exactly where you're supposed to be.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm, effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Feel your feet on the floor and the weight of your body in the chair

Now. Gently bring your attention to your emotions.

Just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them as an observer.

Remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to bubble up and out.

Remember? Today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

Take this verse with you. Seek his will in all you do, and he will show you which path to take.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair. When you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time with Hope, mindfulness, and Prayer.

