---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 207
number: 207
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 207
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1ZkkYEVOigiF4QGBkijQlG?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Life has a way of draining us of our life force. We get to the end of the day and we're just physically and emotionally spent. It's natural and normal to feel this way. Today as you meditate, allow yourself to be renewed and rejuvenated by God's presence.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. Your promise revives me. It comforts me in all my troubles.

And again. Your promise revives me. It comforts me in all my troubles.

Now begin to soften the body and pay attention to the breath.

Now take a deep breath until the air reaches the top of the chest.

And then slowly exhale.

And again, let your inhale be slow and expansive.

And then exhale. Following the breath back out.

Allow your breath to settle and become natural.

Bring your attention to any sounds in the room.

Maybe the room is quiet, or maybe it's not. Both are okay.

Just notice the sounds and accept them as they are.

You're right where you need to be.

In this moment, everything is okay. God loves you.

This is a place of rest and safety.

Simply let go.

Gradually, and with ease, bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale.

And then allow your awareness to rest in a little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body. Feel the contact of the body on the chair. And your feet.

on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece, release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax you.

Let your breath guide you to a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. Your promise revives me. It comforts me in all my troubles.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

