---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 29
number: 29
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 29
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
God is like a father who's exposing us to the world and teaching us how to see it. God wants us to grow in wisdom. He wants us to understand what's really important in life. Invite God into your space and let his love give your heart a new understanding. Let's begin by allowing the body to become heavy.

And as you begin to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse, for the fountain of life pours into you every time that you find me. And this is the secret of growing in the delight The favor of the Lord,

and again, for the fountain of life pours into you every time that you find me. And this is the secret of growing in the delight and the favor of the Lord.

Now gently bring your awareness. to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly,

and then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here. in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your creator who loves you. Deep breath in through the nose,

And out through the mouth.

Remember this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God

with a gentle curiosity. Begin to notice the breath.

Make the breath deep and full of life. Allow that fresh air to fill up the lungs and then relax the body as you exhale.

Let your body become heavy. as your mind continues to relax. You are exactly where you need to be.

And now, come to the heartbeat, maybe even listen for its rhythm

just relaxing and releasing.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it's easy, bring your awareness Back to the heartbeat.

Just listen to your heartbeat and the gentle sound of your breath.

Let your breath act as an anchor to this moment and this practice.

With each breath, allow yourself to rest further into the calm of God's love.

Take this verse with you, for the fountain of life pours into you every time that you find me. And this is the secret of growing in the delight and the favor of the Lord.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room, just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

