---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 101
number: 101
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 101
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/2TEjFERBsau9UIZHOei5jZ?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Letting go is simple to say, but hard to do. It means to release yourself from anything that keeps you from having peace. It could be that you're holding on too tightly to hopes or desires. It could be fears, insecurities, or expectations. Whatever it is, try to loosen your grip on these things. and accept life as it is.

When you do this, you move closer to peace. Okay, let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair. And when you're ready, take a few nice, deep breaths and allow your eyes to open. to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Pile your troubles on God's shoulders. He will carry your load.

And again, pile your troubles on God's shoulders. He'll carry your load.

When it feels natural, let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath, allow the body Just like

a wave of relaxation washing over the body. The

breath fills up the body and then it gives way to that natural relaxation that's right under the surface.

Now, let's turn our awareness to how the body feels.

Just examining the body. With an easy curiosity,

allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms and allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen as your awareness rests deeper,

just relaxing and releasing.

You are here and everything is okay. God is with you. And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus, just letting go of your awareness.

And allow yourself to simply be.

Gently bring your awareness to any sensations you're feeling.

Just noticing the sensations on the body.

Maybe it's the air on the skin or the weight of the body in the chair.

Just noticing and welcoming these sensations. as part of the meditation.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest as you breathe.

Follow the breath and notice how it changes your body.

The inhales expanding the body and filling it up with life. And the exhales, relaxing the body, letting go.

Follow the breath as it comes in through the nose and then goes back out through the mouth.

You don't have to do anything. It's natural and effortless. Your body knows how to relax.

You are simply unearthing the calm that was already there.

This is a safe place of love and deep rest. Allow

your mind to take refuge in God.

Take this verse with you. Pile your troubles on God's shoulders. He'll carry your load.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel? I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

