---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 27
number: 27
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 27
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4ypvQMdDbRa5xC3DJvjGPf?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Take a moment to notice what makes you happy. Notice that often, what makes you happy is in the future, or that it's some thing that if only you had that, then you'd be happy. But the funny thing is, joy can only be experienced in the present. As long as happiness is somewhere else. It will never be where you are today, right now.

Allow yourself to find joy in this practice and in your life as it is, because it won't be found anywhere else.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. We know that God is always at work for the good of everyone who loves him.

Again, we know that God is always at work for the good of everyone who loves him.

Now begin to soften the body. and pay attention to the breath.

Now take a deep breath until the air reaches the top of the chest

and then slowly exhale.

And again, let your inhale be slow and expansive

and then exhale, following the breath back out. Allow

your breath to settle and become natural.

Bring your attention to any sounds in the room.

Maybe the room is quiet, or maybe it's not. Both are okay.

Just notice the sounds and accept them as they are.

You're right where you need to be. In

this moment, everything is okay. God loves you.

This is a place of rest and safety.

Simply let go,

gradually, and with ease. Bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale,

and then allow your awareness to rest in. A little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body on the chair and your feet on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece, release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax you.

Let your breath guide you to a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. We know. That God is always at work for the good of everyone who loves him. Slowly

begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big, deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

