---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 238
number: 238
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 238
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3BOTT6QExvbMWObAoiLueo?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
If you're looking for the one thing that will transform your life for the better, the closest thing you'll find is gratitude. Being thankful for the positive things in your life is guaranteed to change your outlook. It's important to remember that gratitude isn't positive thinking. It's acknowledging blessings that already exist.

Learn to orient your life to focus on what you have. rather than what you don't. By doing this, you will move closer to peace.

When you feel ready, go ahead and get comfortable in your position,

really allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

Don't worry about anything. Instead, pray about everything. Tell God what you need and thank Him for all He has done.

And again, don't worry about anything. Instead, pray about everything. Tell God what you need and thank Him for all He has done.

Now bring your attention to the position of the body.

Make sure you can breathe in an open and natural way.

Allow the chest to open and take a few nice, deep breaths.

Let the breath fill the body up with life.

With each breath, you're bringing your awareness into this moment.

Relax and allow God to speak to you in the way that he wants.

Let your thoughts go. and allow your awareness to rest in this moment.

If your thoughts wander off, that's okay. It's natural for the thoughts to drift.

As best you can, leave those thoughts right where they are and come back to that feeling of your body.

Our feelings and emotions can distract us from the natural calm of God's love.

There isn't anything to discover. It's always been there.

This is a safe place. God loves you.

Gradually, and with ease, bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale. and then allow your awareness to rest in a little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body on the chair and your feet on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece, release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath. to relax you.

Let your breath guide you to a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. Don't worry about anything. Instead, pray about everything. Tell God what you need. and thank him for all he has done.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

