---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 245
number: 245
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 245
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5PVYsN5jrs6B68DeI4yd8w?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Interruptions and detours in life are part of God's plan. This may be surprising to hear, but what you decide is a detour may have always been your path to take. As you meditate today, remember that you're walking with God and He knows exactly where you're going.

Let's start by taking a few nice, deep breaths.

As your breath begins to relax your body, Allow your eyes to close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. The Lord is there to rescue all who are discouraged and have given up hope.

And again, the Lord is there to rescue all who are discouraged and have given up hope.

Now, bring your awareness to the space around the body.

Not really examining it, just noticing the space with an easy curiosity.

Notice any sensations on the skin.

Feel the clothes on the skin.

Feel the temperature of the room.

Listen to the sounds in the room.

Just a nice easy focus. on the sounds in the room.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

Maybe the breath is shallow or maybe it's deep. Both are okay. Just follow the breath as it moves through your body.

Let the rhythm of your breath relax your mind.

This is a safe place. God is watching over you.

Now bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them with an easy curiosity.

Now take a few deep breaths and allow the body to relax a little more with each exhale.

With each passing thought, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now, begin to deepen the breath.

Inhale slowly and lengthen the breath,

and then exhale, letting go of the breath. And

then right back into the next inhale.

Slow it down. and make it deep.

And then exhale. Let the body relax.

Now, allow your breath to settle and let your mind settle with it.

Give yourself space. Just to be who you are, a child of God.

Take this verse with you. The Lord is there to rescue all who are discouraged and have given up hope.

When it feels easy, bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

