---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 167
number: 167
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 167
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0Dbust5fBxAUWtDtx4xkx2?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
There's a saying in meditation that the present moment contains all of your past and all of your future. In a weird way, it's true. When you dwell on what happened, or what could happen, you're missing what is happening now. Let go of those things that aren't in your control. Release them to Jesus.

God's love can only be felt in the present. Your life is happening now, just waiting for you to experience it.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment. To consider this verse,

Jesus said to his disciples, don't be worried, have faith in God and have faith in me.

And again, Jesus said to his disciples, don't be worried, have faith in God and have faith in me.

In your own time. Take a few nice, deep breaths.

In through the nose, and out through the mouth.

Allow the body to let go a little bit more with each exhale.

Feel the face and the neck softening as your body begins to relax. Notice how your breath softens.

and relaxes the body.

Come to that sense of weight in the body, allowing the chair to hold the body up.

Relax the arms all the way down to the hands.

Allow the legs to become heavy,

relaxing all the way down to the toes.

Feel the muscles softening.

Allow the natural rhythm of the breath to relax the body.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

Just noticing how good it feels just to breathe.

And now, for a moment or two, let your awareness be free. Let it rest.

As you relax, allow God's presence of peace to wash over you.

Let your breath fill your body and relax your muscles.

As your breath relaxes your body, bring your attention to the heartbeat,

just noticing the quiet rhythm of your heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness To calm your mind,

to relax your body,

let go any feelings of stress or worry.

God is taking care of you.

Allow those feelings to go.

You are safe here.

And if thoughts take you away, that's okay. Be easy with the thoughts. Just remember, you can always come back to the breath and the heartbeat.

Let yourself relax and allow God to speak to your heart.

Take this verse with you. Jesus said to his disciples, Don't be worried. Have faith in God and have faith in me.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, Allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

