---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 262
number: 262
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 262
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5e7jtW9KbfAtt45OcqKIuN?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
If you're looking for God, don't stress about where to find him because he's everywhere. He's in all things. The beauty of nature and the beauty in the kindness of a stranger, he's with you all the time. Finding God is about a change in perspective, not a change in location. Or a new experience rest and allow God to change your perspective.

Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax. And when you're ready, let your eyes close. Like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse. I am with you always, even to the end of the world,

and again. I am with you always, even to the end of the world.

Now, bring your attention to the way the body feels.

Just noticing any areas of tightness in the body.

If it feels comfortable, take a few nice deep breaths.

Allow your breath to loosen any areas of tightness in the body.

With each breath, allow a sense of calm. To wash over your body,

allow your body to totally release and let go.

Now bring your attention to the top of the head.

Begin to soften the forehead down the front of the face.

Relax the corners of the eyes.

Allow the neck to relax. And the shoulders to fall away from. The ears

relax. The temples,

the legs are becoming heavy.

Feel the weight of the body.

Let your whole body soften and release,

allow your mind to rest with the presence of God.

Now bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness. Stress lingering in the body.

Slowly bring your attention to those areas of tightness and relax them piece by piece.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice deep breaths.

Inhale. Feel the chest rise and exhale. Feel the chest fall.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

Take this verse with you.

I am with you always, even to the end of the world.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths in through the nose. And out through the mouth, notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with Hope, mindfulness, and Prayer.

