---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 39
number: 39
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 39
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1J5GP0DNHcya4v39T4qVPM?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When someone whispers, we try to be still so that we can hear them. We stop what we're doing and lean in to understand what they're saying. When God speaks to your soul, it's usually in whispers. So today, As you sit here in silence, listen to your heart. Lean in and listen to God's whisper.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started by taking a moment to notice your breath.

Just the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close. like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. There you will look for the Lord your God, and if you search for Him with all your heart, you will find Him.

And again, there you will look for the Lord your God, and if you search for Him with all your heart, you will find Him.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm. Effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Feel your feet on the floor and the weight of your body. in the chair.

Now, gently bring your attention to your emotions,

just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them. As an observer,

remember that you can leave those feelings Right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to bubble up and out.

Remember, today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

With a gradual ease, take a nice, big breath.

Be intentional with the breath.

Big, deep inhales and nice, long exhales.

With each breath, allow the muscles to soften and let go.

Feel that sense of gravity and weight in the body.

You're just uncovering the natural calm that's always accessible through God.

Now, with ease, Bring your awareness to the sounds in the room,

just listening to the sounds with an easy curiosity,

not placing judgment on the sounds, just noticing the sounds and accepting them as part of this practice.

If the thoughts take you away, it's okay. When you notice the thoughts, gently bring your awareness. Back to the sounds,

just noticing and listening.

Now, for a moment or two, let your awareness go where it wants to go.

Take this verse with you. There you will look for the Lord your God, and if you search for Him, With all your heart, you will find him.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

