---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 196
number: 196
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 196
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/2PpS009pNxrHYUNQamXvo4?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
God gave us Jesus as the ultimate example of what a life well lived looks like. We even have bracelets that remind us to ask ourselves, what would Jesus do? But the simple truth is, we can't imitate our way into living like Jesus. The only way to live like Jesus is to spend time with him, to become more like him.

When you get to know his heart, you begin to see the world as he does.

Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

You have made known to me the path of life.

And again, you have made known to me the path of life.

When it feels natural, begin to consciously relax the body.

Release the tension in your hands.

Let the shoulders relax. And fall away from the ears.

Allow the neck to relax, and let go.

Take a big, deep breath in.

Release your stress. Let go of your frustrations. If your

mind is full of thoughts, it's okay.

When it feels natural, Just come back to the feeling of the breath.

We aren't holding on to the thoughts. We're just noticing them and letting them go.

Bring your awareness to the way your body feels.

Notice how your breath relaxes the body.

Allow that natural rhythm of your breath to calm your body.

Not trying to change anything, just accepting the body the way it is.

Allow yourself to relax in the loving presence of God.

Now bring your attention to the position of the body.

Make sure you can breathe in an open and natural way.

Allow the chest to open and take a few nice, deep breaths.

Let the breath fill the body up with life.

With each breath, you're bringing your awareness into this moment.

Relax and allow God to speak to you in the way that he wants.

Let your thoughts go, and allow your awareness to rest in this moment.

If your thoughts wander off, that's okay. It's natural for the thoughts to drift.

As best you can, leave those thoughts right where they are, and come back to that feeling of your body. Our

feelings and emotions can distract us from the natural calm. of God's love.

There isn't anything to discover. It's always been there.

This is a safe place. God loves you.

Take this verse with you.

You have made known to me the path of life.

Softly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready. Slowly open your eyes and take a big, deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

