---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 180
number: 180
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 180
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/7ohoM7ZFsDbjh824kqGWzn?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
It's important to remember that life is full of ups and downs, like waves in an ocean. Sometimes we make mistakes, and sometimes things go according to plan. Things rarely stay the same. In fact, they're always changing. Remember, the morning always comes after the night. If you're in a dark season, the morning is coming.

As you go about your day, Remember that things change. Follow the light of God's love. Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few nice deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment. To consider this verse, no one has ever seen, no one has ever heard, no one has ever imagined what God has prepared for those who love Him.

Again, no one has ever seen, no one has ever heard, no one has ever imagined what God has prepared for those who love him.

Now, bring your awareness to the feelings you brought with you today.

Just taking note of your emotions and accepting them as they are. Now,

begin to take a few nice, big breaths.

With each exhale, You're relaxing and letting those feelings go.

Stressful situations are a part of life, but you are stronger than those feelings.

Just relaxing and appreciating the breath.

On your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale. And two. On the exhale, three on the next inhale, and four on the exhale, counting up to 10. And then starting over again,

allow your breath to bring life into your body.

Let your breath remind you of God's calming presence in your life.

Now, Slowly begin to take some deep breaths, allowing the body to open.

Let the breath relax. Any areas of tightness in the body.

Consciously start to turn the muscles off.

Start with the muscles in the feet and the legs.

Allow the feet to be heavy on the floor.

Allow the chest and the back. to open so the breathing can become deep and natural.

Soften the shoulders. Allow them to fall away from the ears.

Let the head fall and become heavy at the neck.

Feel the weight of the body and how it pushes you down into the chair.

When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness to the sound of your breath.

Not changing anything about the breath, just noticing it.

Listening to the gentle rhythm of the inhales and exhales.

Filling the body up with fresh air

and then slowly exhaling and letting go.

Let your mind be still.

Take this verse with you. No one has ever seen. No one has ever heard, no one has ever imagined what God has prepared for those who love him.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch. Sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care and we'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

