---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 123
number: 123
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 123
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/2lBp70tlZjiwdcoEVlHVQw?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Humility is one of the most beautiful virtues. It's the internal recognition that you're no better and no worse than anyone on earth. It's knowing that we're all the same and that we're all brothers and sisters with the same father. Humility allows us to see that whatever we accomplish is only made possible through God's blessings.

Humility is beauty to God. Today, let us pray that God keeps us humble and keeps our heart pure.

Okay, let's begin by taking a few seconds to consciously relax the body.

And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse, I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.

And again, I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm. Effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Feel your feet on the floor. and the weight of your body in the chair.

Now, gently bring your attention to your emotions,

just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them as an observer.

Remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to bubble up and out.

Remember, today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

With an easy awareness, bring your attention to the space in the room.

Just noticing the space. With an easy curiosity.

Notice your place in the room.

Feel the air on your skin.

Listen to the sounds in the room.

Maybe it's quiet in the room, maybe it's not. Both are okay.

You're just listening and welcoming the sounds as part of the exercise.

Not wishing to change the sounds. Just accepting the sounds as they are.

When it feels natural, slowly bring your awareness to the breath.

Allow your breath to be a reminder to stay in this present moment.

If your mind begins to wander, you can always come back to the feeling of the breath.

Relax. and let your body honor the natural calm that only comes from the presence of a loving God.

Take this verse with you, I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.

Allow your awareness to slowly come back to your body, and when it feels natural, begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair. Maybe you want to stretch a little bit. Do whatever feels good. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

