---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 12
number: 12
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 12
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Some of the most profound truths in life are the things that are so commonplace to us that we forget their importance. I think being kind to one another is one of those things. We forget that everyone on earth is a person that Jesus deeply loves. I hope that as you rest with this meditation, you can become aware of the kindness and love Jesus shares with you, so you can go out and share it with others.

Okay, let's begin by consciously relaxing the body. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

As your body begins to settle, take a moment to consider this verse. Love is gentle and consistently kind to all. It refuses to be jealous when blessing comes to someone else.

And again, love is gentle and consistently kind to all. It refuses to be jealous When blessing comes to someone else,

gently bring your awareness to any sensations you're feeling.

Just noticing the sensations on the body.

Maybe it's the air on the skin or the weight of the body. in the chair,

just noticing and welcoming these sensations as part of the meditation.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest as you breathe.

Follow the breath and notice how it changes your body.

The inhales, expanding the body and filling it up with life. And the exhales, relaxing the body, letting go.

Follow the breath as it comes in through the nose and then goes back out through the mouth.

You don't have to do anything. It's natural and effortless. Your body knows how to relax.

You are simply unearthing the calm that was already there.

This is a safe place. of love and deep rest.

Allow your mind to take refuge in God.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice and easy.

Let the breath settle and become natural and bring your attention to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it, Just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in, and going out. Deepening

the inhales and extending the exhales. Letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Take this verse with you. Love is gentle and consistently kind to all. It refuses to be jealous when blessing comes to someone else.

When you feel ready Slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

