---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 269
number: 269
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 269
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1dFJWKmDeEEKFRQgm3zxXU?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
By taking the time to meditate and focus on God, you're allowing God's spirit to change your own

without having to do anything. The world will slowly begin to look different.

When you see the world through a lens of love, you can't help but to be thank.

Let's begin by allowing the body to become heavy.

And as you begin to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Now, take a moment to consider this verse.

For the Lord, grants wisdom from his mouth. Come knowledge and understanding,

and again for the Lord, grants wisdom from his mouth. Come knowledge. Understanding

now, gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly,

and then exhale. Controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whenever you need to let go of. Let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your creator who loves you.

Deep breath. In through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence. Is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

With a gentle curiosity, begin to notice the breath.

Make the breath deep and full of life. Allow that fresh air to fill up the lungs and then relax the body as you exhale.

Let your body become heavy as your mind continues to relax. You are exactly where you need to be

and now come to the heartbeat. Maybe even listen for its rhythm,

just relaxing and releasing.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it's easy, bring your awareness back to the heartbeat.

Just listen to your heartbeat and the gentle sound of your breath.

Let your breath act as an anchor to this moment and this practice.

With each breath, allow yourself to rest further into the calm of God's love.

Take this verse with you for the Lord, grants wisdom from his mouth. Come knowledge and understanding.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready. Allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

