---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 226
number: 226
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 226
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4ARhPkEj5TR52WDSIVY5Ec?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Could haves, should haves, and what ifs will always destroy peace and contentment. They simply aren't real. But accepting life as it is, is opening the door to new life and opportunity. Whether a situation is good or bad, contentment is always possible when you trust God's plan for your life.

Go ahead and get comfortable in your position, really allowing the body to relax.

And when you feel ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

Jesus said to his disciples, Don't be worried. Have faith in God. And

again, Jesus said to his disciples, don't be worried. Have faith in God and have faith in me.

Now bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly, slowly. Bring your attention to those areas of tightness and relax them piece by piece.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done, is done. is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths.

Inhale, feel the chest rise, and exhale, feel the chest fall.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

Let's take a few nice, deep breaths.

Allow your breath to fill the body up,

and then relax with each out breath.

With each new breath, allow the chest to open and the body to relax.

Let go of any tension in your body.

Just focus your attention on the breath.

Deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

And when it feels comfortable, begin to count the breath.

One on the inhale, and two on the exhale.

Three on the next inhale and four on the next exhale. Counting up to ten and then starting over again.

Now let go of the counting and bring your attention to the sound of your breathing.

Just a nice soft focus on the air coming in and the air going out.

Just relaxing. and releasing.

Allow your awareness to rest with the breath.

Take this verse with you. Jesus said to his disciples, don't be worried. Have faith in God and have faith in me.

Softly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes. and take a big deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

