---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 118
number: 118
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 118
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/78xqQKi2PqDrJj29M6zOrC?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Love gives our heart assurance that everything will eventually turn out. It lets us know that regardless of the outcome, we are loved and will be taken care of. As you meditate, rest within and feel God's love. Feel that sense of protection and new life. Let it fill your heart with God's perfect love.

Know that God is with you. And that everything will be alright.

When you feel ready, go ahead and get comfortable in your position.

Really allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. We know that God causes everything to work together. For the good of those who love God.

Again, we know that God causes everything to work together for the good of those who love God.

Now bring your attention to the position of the body.

Make sure you can breathe in an open and natural way.

Allow the chest to open and take a few nice, deep breaths.

Let the breath fill the body up with life.

With each breath, you're bringing your awareness into this moment.

Relax and allow God to speak to you in the way that he wants.

Let your thoughts go and allow your awareness to rest in this moment.

If your thoughts wander off, that's okay. It's natural for the thoughts to drift.

As best you can, leave those thoughts right where they are and come back to that feeling of your body,

our feelings and emotions. can distract us from the natural calm of God's love.

There isn't anything to discover. It's always been there.

This is a safe place. God loves you.

Gradually and with ease, bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale, and then allow your awareness to rest in a little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath, the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body. on the chair and your feet on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece, release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax you.

Let your breath guide you to a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. We know that God causes everything to work together for the good of those who love God.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. and take a nice deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

