---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 179
number: 179
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 179
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/6MIlTDWZngTSeLquhqwv5j?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Sometimes it feels like we have to hide the dark parts of who we are from other people. These parts are only dark because they're hidden. Maybe we're embarrassed of our actions or thoughts, or maybe we aren't too sure why we feel the need to hide these things. Hiding parts of ourselves only holds us back.

Sunlight is the best disinfectant. It can only help. As you meditate today, remember that God sees you fully and he loves you eternally, exactly as you are. Lay yourself out in God's light and rest in his love.

Let's go ahead and get started by gently bringing your attention to the breath.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

Where God's love is, there is no fear, because God's perfect love takes away fear.

And, again, where God's love is. There is no fear, because God's perfect love takes away fear.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice and easy. Let the

breath settle and become natural. And bring your attention to the space in the room.

Not thinking too hard about it, just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Notice the air on the skin.

Feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay.

Just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out.

Deepening the inhales and extending the exhales. Letting the body rest.

Just relax.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room.

Just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations. as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy, deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation. And then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, deep breath in, filling up the body. and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. Where God's love is, there is no fear. Because God's perfect love takes away fear.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. For another day of hope.

