---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 117
number: 117
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 117
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Rest is holy because it allows us to reconnect with God and with ourselves. It's a place where we can let go and stop striving. A place where we can feel our soul come to life again. It heals our mind, body, and spirit. Taking this time to meditate today, you're feeding your soul and spirit with the peace that comes from God.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable.

Take a few nice, big, deep breaths,

and when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. You should know that you yourselves are God's temple. God's Spirit lives in you.

And again, you should know. That you yourselves are God's temple. God's spirit lives in you.

As you relax, allow God's presence of peace to wash over you.

Let your breath fill your body and relax your muscles.

As your breath relaxes your body, bring your attention to to the heartbeat.

Just noticing the quiet rhythm of your heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to calm your mind,

to relax your body.

Let go of any feelings of stress or worry.

God is taking care of you.

Allow those feelings to go.

You are safe here,

and if thoughts take you away, that's okay. Be easy with the thoughts. Just remember, you can always come back to the breath and the heartbeat.

Let yourself relax and allow God to speak to your heart. When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths in.

Really making a point to expand the body and expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle, allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body is tight, or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness, and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. You should know that you yourselves are God's temple. God's spirit lives in you.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big, deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

