---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 154
number: 154
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 154
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/57g4Y1s0Sxm34vO9BldbTU?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Prayer and meditation are a way to quiet the noise of our mind that distracts us from resting into the awareness of God. God's presence is everywhere, but the busyness of our lives can hide his presence from our view. God is moving in your life, but you have to be mindful enough to notice it.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

But God does not just sweep life away. Instead, he devises ways to bring us back when we have been separated from him.

And again. But God does not just sweep life away, instead he devises ways to bring us back when we have been separated from him.

Now slowly begin to take some deep breaths, allowing the body to open.

Let the breath relax any areas of tightness in the body.

Consciously, start to turn the muscles off.

Start with the muscles in the feet and the legs.

Allow the feet to be heavy on the floor.

Allow the chest and the back to open so the breathing can become deep and natural.

Soften the shoulders. Allow them to fall away from the ears.

Let the head fall and become heavy at the neck.

Feel the weight of the body and how it pushes you down into the chair.

When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness to the sound of your breath.

Not changing anything about the breath. Just noticing it.

Listening to the gentle rhythm of the inhales and exhales.

Filling the body up with fresh air

and then slowly exhaling and letting go.

Let your mind be still.

Now take a moment to be grateful. for this opportunity to relax.

Notice how good it feels just to be here in this moment.

When it feels natural, begin to deepen the breath.

Let go of your worries and focus your attention on the breath.

Nothing else matters right now. You are here. There is nothing to do but relax.

Allow your body to honor the natural calm given by God's presence.

Just listening to the breath, noticing the rise and the fall of the chest.

Deep breath in, expanding the body, and then exhale, letting your awareness rest.

Take another deep breath as you feel your lungs expand,

and exhale, following the air back out through the mouth.

The thoughts may take you away, and that's okay.

With each breath, effortlessly rest into the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. But God does not just sweep life away. Instead, he devises ways to bring us back when we have been separated from him.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow. mindfulness and prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

