---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 171
number: 171
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 171
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/31g4n4hgshiO30vnqHZqTA?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When you live in a constant state of wanting, it can be really frustrating. Desires and needs are a natural part of life. The modern world is constantly pulling our attention to want more. It's okay to want more, but we all have to make peace with where we are now. Try to let go and accept where you are.

But trust that God is at work in your life. Okay, let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair. And when you're ready, take a few nice deep breaths and allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now, take a moment. To consider this verse, I alone know the plans I have for you. Plans to bring about the future you hope for.

And again, I alone know the plans I have for you. Plans to bring about the future you hope for.

Now. Consciously begin to relax your muscles.

Feel the weight of gravity on your body as the chair holds you up.

Begin to notice how the body feels.

Just scanning the body from the head down to the toes.

Consciously relaxing. any areas of tightness or tension.

Take a few big deep breaths in.

Notice how the breath changes the body,

just relaxing and releasing, allowing your body to totally let go.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. Thoughts are a normal part of meditation. You aren't holding on to the thoughts or the feelings. You're just allowing them to bubble up and out.

You're releasing those thoughts to God.

Now, for a moment or two, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now, bring your attention to the way the breath feels, and take a few deep breaths.

Gently expand the chest on the inhale, and then let the body soften on the exhale.

With each breath, there's new life entering the body.

As you breathe, begin to soften the body. Starting at the top of the head,

allow the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Now gently bring your awareness to the space around the body.

Feel the air on the skin.

Notice the temperature of the air.

And now gently move your awareness to the heartbeat.

Allow the rhythm of the heartbeat to relax the body.

Let your awareness. Rest deeper in the presence of God.

Simply let go.

Take this verse with you. I alone know the plans I have for you. Plans to bring about the future you hope for.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes. and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel? I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

