---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 259
number: 259
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 259
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5MSRQsIgbdkRWuJTMTF7DK?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Setting aside time to meditate and pray is an act of love. It's saying to God, I value this relationship and I want to invest in it.

When you're meditating, you're connecting with God and that relationship will grow and bear fruit.

Let's go ahead and get started. By gently bringing your attention to the breath,

notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse. He makes us young again, like an eagle that grows new feathers.

And again. He makes us young again, like an eagle that grows new feathers.

Now, consciously begin to relax your muscles.

Feel the weight of gravity on your body as the chair holds you up.

Begin to notice how the body feels.

Just scanning the body from the head down to the toes.

Consciously relaxing any areas of tightness or tension.

Take a few big breaths in.

Notice how the breath changes the body,

just relaxing and releasing, allowing your body to totally let go.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. Thoughts are a normal part of meditation. You aren't holding on to the thoughts or the feelings. You're just allowing them to bubble up and out.

You're releasing those thoughts to God.

Now, for a moment or two, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Bring your attention, feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm. Effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Now, gently bring your attention to your emotions.

Just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions. Just noticing them, as an observer,

remember that you can leave those feelings. right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts bubble up and out.

Remember, today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

Take this verse with you. He makes us young again, like an eagle that grows new feathers.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness Back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

