---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 109
number: 109
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 109
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
God is our protection. The more time you spend with God, the more resilient you become toward life's disappointments and hurts. This is how God protects you against the things that can upset you and rob you of your inner peace. This is God's protection against the things that can lead to harm.

Protection against yourself and your worst instincts and impulses. God is your salvation and your protection.

Let's begin by allowing the body to become heavy.

And as you begin to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. God is our protection and source of strength. He is always ready to help us in times of trouble.

And again. God is our protection and source of strength. He is always ready to help us in times of trouble.

Gently bring your awareness to any sensations you're feeling,

just noticing the sensations on the body.

Maybe it's the air on the skin or the weight of the body in the chair.

Just noticing and welcoming these sensations as part of the meditation.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest as you breathe.

Follow the breath and notice how it changes your body.

The inhales, expanding the body and filling it up with life, and the exhales. Relaxing the body, letting go.

Follow the breath as it comes in through the nose and then goes back out through the mouth.

You don't have to do anything. It's natural and effortless. Your body knows how to relax.

You are simply unearthing the calm. that was already there.

This is a safe place of love and deep rest.

Allow your mind to take refuge in God.

When it feels natural, let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath, allow the body to become softer, and more relaxed,

almost like a wave of relaxation washing over the body.

The breath fills up the body and then it gives way to that natural relaxation that's right under the surface.

Now, let's turn our awareness to how the body feels.

Just examining the body with an easy curiosity.

Allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms and allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen as your awareness rests deeper,

just relaxing and releasing.

You are here and everything is okay. God is with you.

And now, for a moment or two. Let go of any focus and allow yourself to simply be.

Take this verse with you. God is our protection and source of strength. He is always ready to help us in times of trouble.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room. with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

