---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 221
number: 221
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 221
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/65hecT1NfBVApJPH7EXqDk?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Things are always changing, your job, your relationships, your body. But the one thing you can count on being consistent is God. He's the same today as he's always been and will always be. His presence and love are consistent and unchanging. As you rest into this meditation today, Know that God is with you and he will always be by your side through all of the changes that life brings.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair. And when you're ready, take a few nice, deep breaths and allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse, God doesn't come and go, God lasts.

And again, God doesn't come and go, God lasts.

When it feels natural, let's take a nice big breath.

With each breath. Allow the body to become softer and more relaxed,

almost like a wave of relaxation washing over the body.

The breath fills up the body, and then it gives way to that natural relaxation that's right under the surface.

Now. Let's turn our awareness to how the body feels.

Just examining the body with an easy curiosity.

Allow your shoulders to relax and fall away from the ears.

Relax your arms and allow your hands to open and let go.

Allow your temples and face to relax.

Let the throat and the neck soften.

Allow your breath to deepen as your awareness rests deeper.

Just relaxing and releasing.

You are here and everything is okay. God is with you.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and allow yourself to simply be.

Gently, bring your awareness to any sensations you're feeling.

Just noticing the sensations on the body.

Maybe it's the air on the skin or the weight of the body in the chair.

Just noticing and welcoming these sensations as part of the meditation.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest as you breathe.

Follow the breath and notice how it changes your body.

The inhales. Expanding the body and filling it up with life and the exhales Relaxing the body Letting go

Follow the breath as it comes in through the nose and then goes back out through the mouth

You don't have to do anything It's natural and effortless Your body knows how to relax.

You are simply unearthing the calm that was already there.

This is a safe place of love and deep rest. Allow

your mind to take refuge in God.

Take this verse with you.

God doesn't come and go. God lasts.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel?

I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

