---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 176
number: 176
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 176
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/6cwiVZQc8YjtvsErUjZ2P3?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
One of the hard truths of life is that lasting peace cannot be found with unforgiveness in our hearts. Anger and resentment have a way of weighing down our hearts. That anger may be justified, but as long as you personally hold on to it, you'll never be able to truly let go. As you meditate today, Allow God to work on your heart so that you can find peace.

Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax. And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

The Lord is close. to the brokenhearted. He rescues those whose spirits are crushed.

And again, the Lord is close to the brokenhearted. He rescues those whose spirits are crushed.

Now, bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them with an easy curiosity.

Now take a few deep breaths and allow the body to relax a little more with each exhale.

With each passing thought, allow your awareness to rest deeper and into God's love.

Now, begin to deepen the breath.

Inhale slowly and lengthen the breath, and then exhale, letting go of the breath,

and then right back into the next inhale.

Slow it down and make it deep,

and then exhale. Let the body relax.

Now allow your breath to settle and let your mind settle with it.

Give yourself space just to be who you are, a child of God.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room.

Just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy, deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation. And then let the breath out and relax.

Again. Take another long, slow, deep breath in, filling up the body, and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. The Lord is close to the brokenhearted. He rescues those whose spirits are crushed.

Softly begin to bring your awareness back to the body, back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take a big, deep breath in. Take a moment. to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

