---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 205
number: 205
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 205
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1o2StRuh5CjyKn1cHAEjnH?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
The act of wanting more or striving for better isn't a bad thing, but sometimes when we get what we want, it turns out to be nothing like we expected. Allow yourself to enjoy your life as it is, because happiness is never found anywhere but the present moment.

Let's start by taking a few nice Deep breaths.

As your breath begins to relax your body, allow your eyes to close like the Sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

This is my command. Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or discouraged. For the Lord, your God, is with you wherever you go.

And again, this is my command. Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or discouraged. For the Lord, your God, is with you wherever you go.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths in,

really making a point to expand the body and expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle. Allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body is tight, or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness, and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Now bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them with an easy curiosity.

Now take a few deep breaths. and allow the body to relax a little more with each exhale.

With each passing thought, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Now begin to deepen the breath.

Inhale slowly and lengthen the breath and then exhale, letting go of the breath.

And then right back into the next inhale.

Slow it down and make it deep.

And then exhale. Let the body relax.

Now, allow your breath to settle and let your mind settle with it.

Give yourself space just to be who you are. A child of God.

Take this verse with you. This is my command. Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or discouraged, for the Lord, your God, is with you wherever you go.

When it feels easy, bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

