---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 28
number: 28
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 28
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/2nSwDpFaksZchiLRmAyspf?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Purpose makes the most mundane task important. It changes what is meaningless into something meaningful. By asking God to fill you with his purpose, we're asking to see the world as God does. to see other people as God does. So today, let God's presence bring you a new vision. Let it help you see the eternal worth of the people God has put in your path.

Think about that as you settle into this meditation. Let's go ahead and get started by gently bringing your attention to the breath.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse. Do not pass by a man in need, for you may be the hand of God to him.

And again, do not pass by a man in need, for you may be the hand of God to him.

And now, bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow its rhythm to relax the body.

As you begin to relax, bring your attention to the weight of the body.

Allow the arms and the legs to become heavy.

Allow the face to soften all the way down through the neck.

Soften the skin.

Allow the corners of the eyes to relax.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Release the elbows.

Let the wrists and the hands relax.

Soften the chest and the stomach.

Release the hips and the thighs.

Relax the calves. all the way down to the ankles. Allow

the entire body to let go. Totally relax.

There is nowhere to go. You are exactly where you're supposed to be.

Bring your attention, feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm. effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Feel your feet on the floor and the weight of your body in the chair.

Now gently bring your attention to your emotions.

Just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them as an observer.

Remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to bubble up and out.

Remember, today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

Take this verse with you. Do not pass by a man in need. For you may be the hand of God to him.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice, deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

