---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 174
number: 174
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 174
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4mo3a4FBpxbJIIyWQhhgwa?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When we think about finding our purpose in life, we often assume that it will be some great job or mission that will transform our life. For some people, that may be the case. But many times, finding our purpose is about starting with what lies right in front of us. It's finding meaning in your everyday life.

It's about loving and appreciating.

It's being thankful in the midst of difficult times. Purpose is something that has grown over time.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment. To consider this verse, seek his will in all you do and he will show you which path to take.

And again, seek his will in all you do and he will show you which path to take.

With ease, bring your attention to the breath.

Take a few nice, deep breaths.

Make them feel easy and effortless.

Feel life enter your body as you breathe in

and then release your tension as you breathe out.

Inhale, feel how the body expands. Then slowly exhale, feeling the body fall.

Feel the air as it travels in through the nose and follow the air back out through the mouth.

Allow each breath to soften the chest and relax the shoulders.

Begin to scan the body from the head to the toe, relaxing the body piece by piece.

There's no way to do this wrong.

And now, for a few moments, allow your mind to do what it wants to do.

If it wants to think, then let it think, and if it wants to rest, then let it rest.

Bring your attention to any tightness in the body.

Just noticing how the body feels.

Start by relaxing the hands. Letting go of any tension in the hands.

Allow the arms to totally relax. Letting go at the elbows and the wrists.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Let the legs become heavy.

Allow the muscles to relax. to completely let go.

Let your body totally relax and release.

And now, if it feels comfortable, take a big, deep breath, letting the air fill up the body.

Notice how the breath changes the way the body feels.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and just allow yourself to be.

Take this verse with you. Seek his will in all you do, and he will show you which path to take.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

