---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 33
number: 33
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 33
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0wsrmKmN8heYgIxPmLvpe1?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Letting go of control is not accepting defeat. It's allowing God to steer. It's knowing that good or bad, God will make everything work out to your eternal benefit. Today, in this moment, loosen your grip. God has a plan for you. Take that with you as you settle into this meditation.

Let's start by taking a few nice, deep breaths.

As your breath begins to relax your body, allow your eyes to close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. But those who trust in the Lord will find new strength. They will soar high on wings like eagles.

And again, but those who trust in the Lord. When

it feels comfortable, take a few nice deep breaths in,

really making a point to expand the body and expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle, allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body is tight. Or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness, and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body. and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Gradually and with ease, bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise. with each inhale

and then allow your awareness to rest in a little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body. on the chair and your feet on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece, release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax you.

Let your breath guide you to a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. Those who trust in the Lord will find new strength. They will soar high on wings like eagles.

Allow your awareness. to slowly come back to your body. And when it feels natural, begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair. Maybe you want to stretch a little bit. Do whatever feels good. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

