---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 84
number: 84
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 84
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
One day, everything that we strive for will be gone. Everything that you worry about and stress over will come to an end, but you will not. You are as eternal as the stars, created to love and to live forever. Take this moment right now to pause and think about what matters most.

Okay. Take this Let's begin by getting comfortable.

Take a few nice, big, deep breaths,

and when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. Three things will last forever. Faith, hope, and love. And the greatest of these is love.

And again. Three things will last forever. Faith, hope, and love. And the greatest of these is love.

Now, bring your attention to the way the breath feels, and take a few deep breaths.

Gently expand the chest on the inhale, and then let the body soften on the exhale.

With each breath, there's new life entering the body.

As you breathe, begin to soften the body, starting at the top of the head.

Allow the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Feel gravity push the body down into the chair.

Now, gently bring your awareness. to the space around the body.

Feel the air on the skin.

Notice the temperature of the air.

And now, gently move your awareness to the heartbeat.

Allow the rhythm of the heartbeat to relax the body.

Let your awareness rest deeper in the presence of God.

Simply let go.

Now consciously begin to relax your muscles.

Begin to notice how the body feels.

Just scanning the body from the head down to the toes.

Consciously relaxing any areas of tightness or tension.

Take a few big deep breaths in.

Notice how the breath changes the body.

Just relaxing and releasing, allowing your body to totally let go.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. Thoughts are a normal part of meditation. You aren't holding on to the thoughts or the feelings. You're just allowing them to bubble up and out.

You're releasing those thoughts to God.

Now, for a moment or two, allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Take this verse with you. Three things will last forever. Faith, hope, and love. And the greatest of these is love.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

