---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 186
number: 186
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 186
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3oBVJwYDEvMUnXP1IMZDM6?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
To live in the present moment is to live without judgment. Living without judgment means acknowledging that we don't always know what's best. It requires trust in God and his plan for your life. Things may not have gone as you expected and that's okay because God's looking out for you. Go ahead and get comfortable in your position.

Really allowing the body to relax.

And when you feel ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. You, Lord God, are my mighty rock and my fortress. Lead me and guide me.

And again. You, Lord God, are my mighty rock and my fortress. Lead me and guide me.

Now, bring your attention to the way the breath feels, and take a few deep breaths.

Gently expand the chest on the inhale, and then let the body soften on the exhale.

With each breath, there's new life entering the body.

As you breathe, begin to soften the body, starting at the top of the head.

Allow the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Feel gravity push the body down into the chair.

Now gently bring your awareness to the space around the body.

Feel the air on the skin.

Notice the temperature of the air.

And now gently move your awareness to the heartbeat.

Allow the rhythm of the heartbeat to relax the body.

Let your awareness. Rest deeper in the presence of God.

Simply let go.

Bring your attention to any tightness in the body,

just noticing how the body feels.

Start by relaxing the hands, letting go of any tension in the hands.

Allow the arms to totally relax. Letting go at the elbows and the wrists.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Let the legs become heavy.

Allow the muscles to completely let go.

Let your body totally relax and release. And

now, if it feels comfortable, take a big deep breath. Letting the air fill up the body.

Feel the chest rise on the inhale

and fall on the exhale.

Notice how the breath changes the way the body feels.

And now, for a moment or two, let go of any focus and just allow yourself to be.

Take this verse with you. You, Lord God, are my mighty rock and my fortress. Lead me. and guide me.

Softly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take a big deep breath in. Take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow. For another day of hope.

Take care.

