---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 254
number: 254
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 254
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4pt17jeVqrbJknrW2ibGFH?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Consider what your life would look like if you really trusted in God's love. It would probably be a remarkable change. When you begin to truly believe that God loves you, then you naturally begin to reflect his love.

Today, as you settle into this meditation, allow yourself to relax and trust that you are loved.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest,

and when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. How precious are your thoughts about me, O God, and when I wake up you are still with me.

And again, how precious are your thoughts about me, O God. And when I wake up, you are still with me.

As you relax, allow God's presence of peace to wash over you.

Let your breath fill your body and relax your muscles.

As your breath relaxes your body, bring your attention to the heartbeat,

just noticing the quiet rhythm of your heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to calm your mind,

to relax your body.

Let go of any feelings of stress or worry.

God is taking care of you.

Allow those feelings to go.

You are safe here.

And if thoughts take you away, that's okay. Be easy with the thoughts. Just remember you can always come back to the breath and the heartbeat.

Let yourself relax and allow God to speak to your heart.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room.

Just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy, deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation, and then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, deep breath in, filling up the body, and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention. and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. How precious are your thoughts about me, O God, and when I wake up, you are still with me.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. Take a moment. to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

