---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 247
number: 247
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 247
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0jvPzRgdG8WeEkOBwuPjGx?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Praising God is basically giving thanks. It's recognizing the blessings that are in your life right now. The good news is that this can be done all the time. You can praise God while washing dishes or driving to work. When you look at your life through a lens of gratitude, you'll begin to see God in everything.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. Why am I discouraged? Why is my heart so sad? I will put my hope in God. I will praise Him again, my Savior and my God.

And again, why am I discouraged? Why is my heart so sad? I will put my hope in God. I will praise him again, my Savior and my God.

Let's begin to take note of how the body is feeling.

Not really thinking too much about it, just letting go of those feelings of tightness and tension

when it feels comfortable. Take a few deep breaths.

In through the nose and out through the mouth.

Deep breath in, expanding the body and filling the chest up.

And exhale, feeling the chest fall and let go.

Take another big deep breath in and control the exhale, letting it take. twice as long as the inhale.

With each breath, allow the tension to melt away from the body.

Now, allow your breath to take up a natural rhythm.

Let the gentle sound of your breathing relax your mind.

There is no way to do this wrong, just an easy, effortless awareness.

Letting go.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice deep breaths in.

Really making a point to expand the body and expand the chest.

Notice how the breath makes you feel.

Now let the breath begin to settle.

As your breath begins to settle, allow the body to become heavy.

Notice any sensations in the body. See if you're holding on to any tension.

Maybe the body is tight or maybe it's not. Either is okay.

You're just scanning the body, looking for any areas of tightness and letting them release.

And if the mind drifts away in thought, slowly bring it back to the feelings in the body and the breath.

Your body knows how to relax.

You don't have to think about it for it to happen. You are simply uncovering the calm that was always present.

Let your awareness rest in the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. Why am I discouraged? Why is my heart so sad? I will put my hope in God. I will praise Him again. my savior, and my god.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit. When it feels natural, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

