---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 119
number: 119
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 119
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
Like a fish swimming upstream, we instinctively seek life and purpose. We weren't made to simply exist and float downriver. God designed us to move forward. Our souls long for new life. We don't want to simply exist. We were made to live and to love. Let the words of God wash over your heart and mind to revive your soul.

Let your life be new again, and let it set you free.

Okay. Let's go ahead and get started by taking a moment to notice your breath,

just the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the Sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Anyone who drinks the water I give. And again, the water I give people will be like a spring flowing inside them. It will bring them eternal life.

And again, anyone who drinks the water I give will never be thirsty again. And again, the water I give people will be like a spring flowing inside them. It will bring them eternal life.

When it feels comfortable, go ahead and take a few deep breaths in.

Nice and easy.

Let the breath settle and become natural and bring your attention to the space in the room,

not thinking too hard about it. Just becoming aware of your body and your surroundings.

Notice the air on the skin.

Feel the chair beneath you.

Pay attention to the position of your body. Make sure that you're comfortable.

Notice the state of your mind.

Does the mind feel calm? Does it feel restless? Both are okay,

just a simple, easy noticing.

Just noticing the space, almost like you're an observer.

Notice the gentle sound of your breath coming in and going out,

deepening the inhales and extending the exhales. Letting the body rest,

just relax,

keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room,

just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy, deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation. And then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, deep breath in. Filling up the body. and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. Anyone who drinks the water I give will never be thirsty again. The water I give people will be like a spring flowing inside them. It will bring them eternal life.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room. with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

