---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 199
number: 199
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 199
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3H2oIRHjSR3m4NqrhxV1bl?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When we meditate, we're creating a sanctuary of silence. A special place where we can encounter the one true God. Only silence can reveal what was always there. As you meditate today, be mindful to rest into the silence.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started. And when

you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. You know the Spirit who is with you and will keep on living in you.

And again, you know the spirit who is with you and will keep on living in you.

Now consciously begin to relax your muscles.

Feel the weight of gravity on your body as the chair holds you up.

Begin to notice how the body feels.

Just scanning the body from the head down to the toes,

consciously relaxing any areas of tightness or tension.

Take a few big, deep breaths in.

Notice how the breath changes the body,

just relaxing and releasing, allowing your body to totally let go.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. Thoughts are a normal part of meditation. You aren't holding on to the thoughts or the feelings. You're just allowing them to bubble up and out.

You're releasing those thoughts to God.

Now, for a moment or two. Allow your awareness to rest deeper into God's love.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm, effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Now, gently bring your attention to your emotions.

Just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them as an observer.

Remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to bubble up and out.

Remember, today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

Take this verse with you.

You know the Spirit who is with you and will keep on living in you.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room. Just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

