---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 15
number: 15
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 15
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
If you come from a past where you've been hurt or wounded, know that tomorrow will bring a better day. Jesus tells us that he can heal our wounds. He can bring back the smile you lost. Let the love of Jesus fill your heart and restore your soul. Allow that message to rest with you. As you work your way through this meditation,

let's begin by allowing the body to become heavy.

And as you begin to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

He will once again fill your mouth with laughter and your lips with shouts of joy.

Again, he will once again fill your mouth with laughter and your lips with with shouts of joy.

Now, let's take some nice, deep breaths in through the nose, and out through the mouth.

Just noticing and observing the breath. Watching the rise and the fall of the chest.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings. you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are, and then gently come back to the feeling of the breath.

Long, deep inhale. Then a slow, controlled exhale.

Allow the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place where you feel love.

Feel that natural peace. in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

Allow your inhales to fill the body up.

And then totally relax the body on the exhale.

Notice how your breath changes the way your body feels.

And on your next inhale, begin to count the breath. One on the inhale, and two on the exhale. Three on the next inhale, and four on the next exhale. Counting up to ten, and then starting over again.

If you lose track of the breath, it's okay. Just start over again, counting from one.

There is nowhere to go, nowhere to be. We are just here, counting the breath.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax and become natural.

And now for a moment or two, let your mind relax.

Take this verse with you. He will once again fill your mouth with laughter, and your lips with shouts of joy.

When it feels easy, Bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

