---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 230
number: 230
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 230
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/28Wgy9qOPer4RzGhzZqR7S?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When you meditate and pray, you're operating on God's time.

Your heart and your mind are learning to operate at a slower pace.

Moving at God's pace naturally allows you to see the beauty and kindness in the world. Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few nice, deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

May the Lord bless you and protect you. May the Lord smile on you and be gracious to you. May the Lord show you his favor and give you his peace.

Again, may the Lord bless you and protect you. May the Lord smile on you and be gracious to you. May the Lord show you his favor and give you his peace.

Let's begin to take note of how the body is feeling.

Not really thinking too much about it. Just letting go of those feelings of tightness and tension.

When it feels comfortable, take a few deep breaths.

In through the nose, and out through the mouth.

Deep breath in, expanding the body and filling the chest up.

And exhale, feeling the chest fall. and let go.

Take another big, deep breath in and control the exhale, letting it take twice as long as the inhale.

With each breath, allow the tension to melt away from the body.

Now, allow your breath to take up a natural rhythm.

Let the gentle sound of your breathing relax your mind.

There is no way to do this wrong. Just an easy, effortless awareness.

Letting go.

Now bring your attention to the position of the body.

Make sure you can breathe in an open and natural way.

Allow the chest to open and take a few nice deep breaths.

Let the breath fill the body up with life.

With each breath, you're bringing your awareness into this moment.

Relax and allow God to speak to you in the way that he wants.

Let your thoughts go and allow your awareness to rest in this moment.

If your thoughts wander off, that's okay. It's natural for the thoughts to drift.

As best you can, leave those thoughts right where they are and come back to that feeling of your body.

Our feelings and emotions can distract us from the natural calm. of God's love.

There isn't anything to discover. It's always been there.

This is a safe place. God loves you.

Take this verse with you.

May the Lord bless you and protect you. May the Lord smile on you and be gracious to you. May the Lord show you his favor and give you his peace.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling. Listen to the sound of your breathing. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch and sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better. Take care.

And we'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

