---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 142
number: 142
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 142
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1VkxQUgLu9i9Lr1RYrJXCV?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
It's really common for us to spend a lot of our time focusing on the past or the future. Our present seems to be mostly occupied with getting somewhere or getting back to where we were. But we forget that the present is the only time that is real. Our life can only happen in the here and now. Peace of mind can only be found in the present.

God's love can only be experienced in this moment.

Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax. And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Take a moment to consider this verse. I sought the Lord, and He answered me. He delivered me from my fears.

And again, I sought the Lord, and He answered me. He delivered me from my fears.

Now, bring your attention to the way the body feels,

just noticing any areas of tightness in the body.

If it feels comfortable, take a few Deep breaths.

Allow your breath to loosen any areas of tightness in the body.

With each breath, allow a sense of calm to wash over your body.

Allow your body to totally release and let go.

Now, bring your attention to the top of the head.

Begin to soften the forehead down the front of the face.

Relax the corners of the eyes.

Allow the neck to relax and the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Relax the temples.

The legs are becoming heavy.

Feel the weight of the body.

Let your whole body soften and release.

Allow your mind to rest with the presence of God.

Now, bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly, slowly, bring your attention to to those areas of tightness and relax them piece by piece.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice deep breaths.

Inhale, feel the chest rise, and exhale, feel the chest fall.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness. back to the feeling of the breath.

Take this verse with you. I sought the Lord and he answered me. He delivered me from my fears.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with Hope Mindfulness & Prayer.

