---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 210
number: 210
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 210
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1614eVMjszam5y7d8HE1NS?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
So much of our time we spend living in our head, it's so easy to forget that other people have lives just as rich and complex and difficult as our own. As you go about your day, remind yourself that these are people with lives and feelings and doubts just like your own. Remind yourself how much God loves these people.

The more you understand people and their lives, the easier it is to see them in love and acceptance.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, Allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

Many people are suffering, crushed by the weight of their troubles, but the Lord is a refuge for them, a safe place they can run to.

And again, many people are suffering. Crushed by the weight of their troubles, but the Lord is a refuge for them, a safe place they can run to.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room,

just noticing the sounds in the room, and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations as part of the practice.

When it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy, deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation. And then let the breath out. and relax.

Again, take another long, slow, deep breath in, filling up the body, and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention and let your awareness rest. You are loved,

and now bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow its rhythm to relax the body.

As you begin to relax, bring your attention to the weight of the body.

Allow the arms and the legs to become heavy.

Allow the face to soften all the way down through the neck.

Soften the skin.

Allow the corners of the eyes to relax.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Release the elbows.

Let the wrists and the hands Relax.

Soften the chest and the stomach.

Release the hips and the thighs.

Relax the calves all the way down to the ankles. Allow

the entire body to let go. Totally relax.

There is nowhere to go. You are exactly where you're supposed to be. Take this verse with you.

Many people are suffering, crushed by the weight of their troubles. But the Lord is a refuge for them, a safe place they can run to.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch. Sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care, and we'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

