---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 150
number: 150
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 150
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/2r0TBLY82KoGhkgCiHJtoF?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When you learn to live in the present, you're accepting that the past can't be changed. You're accepting that the future has yet to come. All you have is this moment, and it's all you'll ever have. Today as you meditate, be mindful that Jesus is with you, and he's actively working in your life.

Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few nice Deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. I am the vine and you are the branches. If you stay joined to me and I to you, you will produce plenty of fruit.

And again, I am the vine. And you are the branches. If you stay joined to me and I to you, you will produce plenty of fruit.

Keeping your eyes closed, bring your awareness to the space around the room.

Just noticing the sounds in the room and the sensations on the body.

Welcome these sensations. As part of the practice,

when it feels comfortable, take some nice, deep breaths.

Real easy, deep breaths.

Now begin to slow down the inhale.

Long, slow, deep inhalation, and then let the breath out and relax.

Again, take another long, deep breath. Slow, deep breath in, filling up the body, and then let the exhale come naturally.

With each breath, let your mind relax.

Allow your feelings to release and become a prayer to God.

Now, for a few moments, let go of the focused attention. and let your awareness rest. You are loved,

and now bring your attention to the heartbeat. Allow

its rhythm to relax the body.

As you begin to relax, bring your attention to the weight of the body.

Allow the arms and the legs to become heavy.

Allow the face to soften. all the way down through the neck.

Soften the skin.

Allow the corners of the eyes to relax.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Release the elbows.

Let the wrists and the hands relax.

Soften the chest and the stomach.

Release the hips and the thighs.

Relax the calves. all the way down to the ankles. Allow

the entire body to let go and totally relax.

There is nowhere to go. You are exactly where you're supposed to be.

Take this verse with you. I am the vine and you are the branches. If you stay joined to me and I to you, you will produce plenty of fruit.

Gently bring your awareness Back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch and sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care, and we'll see you again tomorrow with Hope Mindfulness & Prayer.

