---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 206
number: 206
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 206
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/10nYdGj0SwweagBIFLrMQ5?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
We spend so much of our time looking outside of ourselves for meaning in our life. Maybe we look to our job or our status, maybe what our friends or family think about us. But true meaning will never be found looking outward. You must look inward. Begin to see yourself as God sees you. And know that you are loved.

When you feel ready, go ahead and get comfortable in your position,

really allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

When I awaken in the morning, you are still thinking of me.

And again, when I awaken in the morning, you are still thinking of me.

Bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with your feelings, just noticing them.

Almost like you're observing your emotions, and then letting them go.

Just like loosening your grip, you're letting go of those feelings.

Let God handle whatever is out of your control.

This is a place of acceptance and safety. You can always find rest in God.

Now, begin to notice how your body feels.

When it feels comfortable, begin to consciously relax the body,

scanning down from your head to your toes, release any areas of tension in the body,

surrender all of your stress and all of your responsibilities, and just let your mind rest.

You are safe. God is looking out for you.

Now, bring your attention to your breath.

Just a soft, easy awareness.

Notice what it feels like as air passes in through the nose and then back out through the mouth.

Let the breath bring life to your body.

Begin to listen to the sound of your breath,

listening to the inhale and the exhale.

On the next exhale, Allow the breath to relax and become natural.

Allow your breath to bring renewal to your body.

You're making space to notice God's presence in your life.

When it feels comfortable, bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to enter every part of your body.

Feel the presence of God in this space.

Let go of control and rest into the arms of God.

Take this verse with you. When I awaken in the morning, you are still thinking of me.

Softly, begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Back to that feeling of weight in the body. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes and take a big, deep breath in. Take a moment. to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more present. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

Take care.

