---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 215
number: 215
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 215
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4SivQm9Hj8jXNxIyT6bBeV?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
We are made for connection. God designed the desire for connection into the fabric of our soul. While connection with others is great, remember, you are never alone. Your connection with God is a tangible thing, and it only gets stronger the more time you spend with Him. Allow yourself to rest in that knowledge as you meditate today.

Let's begin by allowing the body to become heavy.

And as you begin to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. For the Lord your God is living among you.

And again, for the Lord your God is living among you.

Bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with your feelings, just noticing them.

Almost like you're observing your emotions. and then letting them go.

Just like loosening your grip, you're letting go of those feelings.

Let God handle whatever is out of your control.

This is a place of acceptance and safety. You can always find rest in God.

Now. Begin to notice how your body feels.

When it feels comfortable, begin to consciously relax the body.

Scanning down from your head to your toes, release any areas of tension in the body.

Surrender all of your stress and all of your responsibilities and just let your mind Rest.

You are safe. God is looking out for you.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly,

and then exhale. Controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your creator who loves you.

Deep breath, in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you. For the Lord your God. is living among you.

When it feels easy, bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

