---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 1
number: 1
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 1
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5zNJ10KMKyHGioF4df3HMg?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
You know, when we think about the people we most respect, oftentimes they're the people with patience. When people are patient, we assume that they're kind and wise, and in many cases, they are. But the thing about patience is that it isn't something you magically get. Patience is something that has to be learned on the job.

It's something you learn how to do when you're frustrated. Think about that today when you're at your most frustrated. Just remember, you're learning to be patient. Okay, let's go ahead and get started by getting comfortable in your chair. And

when you're ready, take a few nice deep breaths and allow your eyes to slowly close.

As your body begins to settle, take a moment to consider this verse. For God is working in you, giving you the desire and the power to do what pleases Him.

And again, For God is working in you, giving you the desire and the power to do what pleases Him.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily. and effortlessly,

and then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here, in this moment.

This is all that matters, right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day, with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit. And connect you to your Creator who loves you.

Deep breath, in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

With a gentle curiosity, begin to notice the breath.

Make the breath deep and full of life. Allow that fresh air to fill up the lungs and then relax the body as you exhale.

Let your body become heavy. As your mind continues to relax, you are exactly where you need to be.

And now, come to the heartbeat, maybe even listen for its rhythm,

just relaxing and releasing.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it's easy, bring your awareness back to the heartbeat.

Just listen to your heartbeat and the gentle sound of your breath.

Let your breath act as an anchor to this moment and this practice.

With each breath, allow yourself to rest further into the calm of God's love.

Take this verse with you. For God is working in you, giving you the desire to live. and the power to do what pleases him.

Gently bring your awareness back to the body, and when you feel ready, slowly open your eyes and take a nice deep breath. Sit back and relax for a moment. How do you feel? I hope you feel a little better. 

