---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 113
number: 113
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 113
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4qiU4EfKuhZMFhVwQpu8Ht?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When God looks at you, He sees you as you are. He also sees everything you can become. He sees all the potential your life holds. He knows you and can see the promise of the future. He sees the best in you. God sees you this way because God is love and that's what love sees.

Let's start by taking a few nice Deep breaths.

As your breath begins to relax your body, allow your eyes to close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse,

Love never looks back but keeps going to the end.

And again, Love never looks back but keeps going to the end.

With an easy awareness, bring your attention to the space in the room.

Just noticing the space with an easy curiosity.

Notice your place in the room.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

Feel the air on your skin.

Listen to the sounds in the room.

Maybe it's quiet in the room, maybe it's not. Both are okay.

You're just listening and welcoming the sounds as part of the exercise.

Not wishing to change the sounds, just accepting the sounds as they are.

When it feels natural, slowly bring your awareness to the breath.

Allow your breath to be a reminder to stay in this present moment.

If your mind begins to wander, you can always come back to the feeling of the breath.

Relax and let your body honor the natural calm that only comes from the presence of a loving God.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath.

Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly,

and then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day. With new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your creator who loves you.

Deep breath. In through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you.

Love never looks back, but keeps going to the end.

Allow your awareness to slowly come back to your body, and when it feels natural, begin to open your eyes. Sit back in your chair. Maybe you want to stretch a little bit. Do whatever feels good. Take a moment. to notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow for another day of hope.

