---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 172
number: 172
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 172
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1Wo5nImw6IRZ1W7ZhHKDYZ?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
God is constantly creating change in your life. These changes are opportunities to grow and to experience new life. Trust in the knowledge that God is at work in your life, and God is good. Knowing what you know, make the best possible decisions that you can, and leave the rest to God. There's peace in resting with God.

Okay, let's begin by consciously relaxing the body. And when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly close.

As your body begins to settle, take a moment to consider this verse.

I know that there is someone to defend me, and that he lives.

And again, I know that there is someone to defend me and that he lives.

Now let's take some nice deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Just noticing and observing the breath, watching the rise and the fall. of the chest.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Begin to notice any feelings you may have brought with you today.

Thoughts are a natural part of meditation.

Just leave those feelings right where they are and then gently come back to the feeling. of the breath.

Long, deep inhale, then a slow, controlled exhale.

Allow the breath to calm the mind and relax the body.

And now, allow your awareness to fall and move inward, finding that place where you feel loved.

Feel that natural peace in God's presence.

Remember, when you come near to God, He will come near to you.

Bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with your feelings, just noticing them.

Almost like you're observing your emotions and then letting them go.

Just like loosening your grip, you're letting go of those feelings.

Let God handle whatever is out of your control.

This is a place of acceptance and safety. You can always find rest in God.

Now begin to notice how your body feels.

When it feels comfortable, begin to consciously relax the body,

scanning down from your head to your toes. Release any areas of tension in the body.

Surrender all of your stress and all of your responsibilities and just let your mind rest.

You are safe. God is looking out for you.

Take this verse with you. I know that there is someone to defend me, and that he lives.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths, in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel

a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. With hope. Mindfulness and prayer

