---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 158
number: 158
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 158
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/7ywasqkL5TRjK2x1usXUjE?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Moments of peace can be elusive. It can feel like there's so much to do. Like there isn't time to be peaceful. Peace is something that is always there. It's something that we uncover. Peace allows us to let go of anger and resentment. It allows us to accept people's faults. and to love them. Peace is a way of seeing the world.

Today as you meditate, allow God to release any negative emotions or thoughts so you can bring more peace into your life.

When you feel ready, go ahead and get comfortable in your position.

Really allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

Jesus said to his disciples, Don't be worried. Have faith in God and have faith in me.

And again. Jesus said to his disciples, Don't be worried. Have faith in God and have faith in me.

Now, bring your attention to the way it feels when you breathe.

Feel the stomach and the chest rise with each inhale

and feel the body relax. With each exhale,

in through the nose, feel the body expand and then slowly exhale.

Let the breath be natural. Let the breath naturally relax the body.

Allow the face and the neck to soften.

Allow the forehead to relax. and the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Relax the body and allow the chair to hold the body up.

Just relaxing and letting the body unwind.

Simply let go.

Now bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly bring your attention to the body. to those areas of tightness, and relax them, piece by piece.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

Take this verse with you. Jesus said to his disciples, Don't be worried. Have faith in God and have faith in me.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair. And when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

