---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 69
number: 69
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 69
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/2wcsCEjyaJieFQJ3NzHc3Q?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
The more we meditate, the more we begin to see how our lives drive us, rather than us driving our lives. Meditation gives us the opportunity to take inventory of our decisions and life choices. Are these choices helping you build your relationships? Are they bringing you closer to God? Just let that sit with you today as you move through your meditation.

Let's begin by allowing the body to become heavy.

And as you begin to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse, I am the light of the world. If you follow me, you won't have to walk in darkness, because you will have the light that leads to life.

And again, I am the light of the world. If you follow me, you won't You won't have to walk in darkness because you will have the light that leads to life.

Now, bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly, bring your attention to those areas of tightness and relax them. Piece by piece,

feel the weight of your body in the chair.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths.

Inhale, feel the chest rise, and exhale, feel the chest fall.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath,

with a gentle ease. Let's go ahead and take a nice deep breath.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

Allow your inhales to fill the body up,

and then Totally relax the body on the exhale.

Notice how your breath changes the way your body feels.

And on your next inhale, begin to count the breath, one on the inhale and two on the exhale, three on the next inhale, and four on the next exhale. Counting up to ten and then starting over again.

If you lose track of the breath, it's okay. Just start over again, counting from one.

There is nowhere to go, nowhere to be. We are just here, counting the breath.

On the next exhale. Allow the breath to relax and become natural.

And now for a moment or two, let your mind relax.

Take this verse with you, I am the light of the world. If you follow me, you won't have to walk in darkness because you will have the light that leads to life.

When it feels natural, bring your awareness back to the room, just noticing the room with a gentle appreciation, and when you're ready, allow your eyes to slowly open. Take a moment to notice how you feel, I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. for another day of hope.

