---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 160
number: 160
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 160
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1dZuS47iuTkDIH3mwDS9cc?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When you take time to meditate and pray, you're changing the reality of your existence at that moment. You're entering a space where you can truly be with God. A spiritual place that's separate from your daily existence. It's a place where we step out of our earthly existence and open the door to God's presence.

This place is the kingdom of God. And it's within each of us. Okay, let's begin by getting comfortable and taking a few deep breaths.

As you begin to feel your body releasing, allow your eyes to slowly close.

Now take a moment to consider this verse.

I know the Lord is always with me. I will not be shaken, for He is right beside me.

And again. I know the Lord is always with me. I will not be shaken, for He is right beside me.

With ease, bring your attention to the breath.

Take a few nice, deep breaths.

Make them feel easy and effortless.

Feel life enter your body as you breathe in.

And then release your tension as you breathe out.

Inhale. Feel how the body expands. Then slowly. Exhale. Feeling the body fall.

Feel the air as it travels in through the nose and follow the air back out through the mouth.

Allow each breath to soften the chest and relax the shoulders.

Begin to scan the body from the head to the toe. Relaxing the body, piece by piece.

There is no way to do this wrong.

And now, for a few moments, allow your mind to do what it wants to do.

If it wants to think, then let it think. And if it wants to rest, then let it rest.

Bring your attention to any tightness in the body.

Just noticing how the body feels.

Start by relaxing the hands. Letting go of any tension in the hands.

Allow the arms to totally relax. Letting go at the elbows and the wrists.

Let the shoulders fall away from the ears.

Let the legs become heavy.

Allow the muscles to completely let go.

Let your body totally relax and release.

And now, if it feels comfortable, take a big, deep breath, letting the air fill up the body.

Notice how the breath changes the way the body feels.

And now, for a moment or two, Let go of any focus and just allow yourself to be.

Take this verse with you.

I know the Lord is always with me. I will not be shaken, for He is right beside me.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of your breath. Listen to the sound of your breathing. And when you're ready, slowly open your eyes. And take another deep breath in. Give yourself a stretch and sit back and relax. Remember to take a moment to check in and notice how you feel. I hope you feel better.

Take care and we'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

