---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 248
number: 248
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 248
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/1ano8aHh16Kl7fKsYGvcbm?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
The best things in life aren't things, they're people. Things can bring joy for a moment, but an important relationship can change your life. As you go about your day today, remember the people in your life that you love. Be mindful of just how blessed you are.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started by taking a moment to notice your breath.

Just the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. I couldn't stop thanking God for you. Every time I prayed, I'd think of you and give thanks.

And again. I couldn't stop thanking God for you. Every time I prayed, I'd think of you and give thanks.

Now, bring your attention to your breath. Just a soft, easy awareness.

Notice what it feels like as air passes in through the nose and then back out through the mouth.

Let the breath Bring life to your body.

Begin to listen to the sound of your breath,

listening to the inhale and the exhale.

On the next exhale, allow the breath to relax and become natural.

Allow your breath to bring renewal to your body.

You're making space to notice God's presence in your life.

When it feels comfortable, bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow that rhythm and stillness to enter every part of your body.

Feel the presence of God in this space.

Gently bring your awareness to any sensations you're feeling,

just noticing. the sensations on the body.

Maybe it's the air on the skin or the weight of the body in the chair.

Just noticing and welcoming these sensations as part of the meditation.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest as you breathe.

Follow the breath and notice how it changes your body.

The inhales expanding the body. and filling it up with life. And the exhales, relaxing the body, letting go.

You don't have to do anything. It's natural and effortless. Your body knows how to relax.

You are simply unearthing the calm that was already there.

This is a safe place of love, and deep rest.

Allow your mind to take refuge in God.

Take this verse with you.

I couldn't stop thanking God for you. Every time I prayed, I'd think of you and give thanks.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair. And when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open. and take a nice deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

