---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 242
number: 242
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 242
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/0YjWT93NQgpzglYRlAOMVG?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
One of the hardest truths of life is that it's designed to have pain and struggle. Pain isn't a defect in the plan. It's part of the plan. The price of love is loss. And while that isn't necessarily comforting, your troubles are not a surprise to God. He knows them and he feels them

today. Rest in the knowledge that God loves you. Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Here on earth, you will have many trials and sorrows. But take heart, because I have overcome the world.

And again, here on earth, you will have many trials and sorrows. But take heart, because I have overcome the world.

Gradually, and with ease, bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale. and then allow your awareness to rest in a little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body on the chair and your feet on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like.

Piece by piece release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress. Let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax you.

Let your breath guide you to a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

With ease, bring your attention to the breath.

Take a few nice, deep breaths.

Make them feel easy and effortless.

Feel life. Enter your body as you breathe in,

and then release your tension as you breathe out.

Inhale, feel how the body expands, then slowly exhale, feeling the body fall.

Feel the air as it travels in through the nose, and follow the air back out through the mouth.

Allow each breath to soften the chest and relax the shoulders.

Begin to scan the body from the head to the toe, relaxing the body piece by piece.

There is no way to do this wrong.

And now, for a few moments, allow your mind to do what it wants to do.

If it wants to think, then let it think, and if it wants to rest, then let it rest.

Take this verse with you. Here on earth, you will have many trials and sorrows, but take heart, because I have overcome the world.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath. and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

