---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 208
number: 208
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 208
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/4vcfzAGm3kkFvmxaHXssyg?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When you live in the present, you're recognizing that ultimately, God is the one in control. Letting go isn't giving up your wants, it's trusting that you are in good hands. When you let go, you'll find peace even in the midst of a storm.

Okay, let's go ahead and get started, by taking a moment. To notice your breath,

just the rise and the fall of the chest.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse, Because he loves me, says the Lord, I will rescue him. I will be with him in trouble, and I will deliver him.

And again, because he loves me, says the Lord, I will rescue him. I will be with him in trouble, and I will deliver him.

And now, bring your attention to the heartbeat.

Allow its rhythm. To relax the body.

As you begin to relax, bring your attention to the weight of the body.

Allow the arms and the legs to become heavy.

Allow the face to soften all the way down through the neck.

Soften the skin,

allow the corners of the eyes. To relax,

let the shoulders fall away from the ears,

release the elbows,

let the wrists and the hands relax,

soften the chest and the stomach,

release the hips and the thighs,

relax the calves all the way down to the ankles, allow

the entire body to let go and totally relax.

There is nowhere to go. You are exactly where you're supposed to be.

Bring your attention to the feeling of the breath.

Let it settle into a natural rhythm, effortless and easy.

Notice how good it feels just to breathe.

With each inhale, let your body fill up. with new life.

With each exhale, release and let your body relax.

Feel your feet on the floor and the weight of your body in the chair.

Now gently bring your attention to your emotions,

just noticing the feelings that you brought with you today.

Not engaging with the emotions, just noticing them. As an observer,

remember that you can leave those feelings right where they are.

Just allow those thoughts to bubble up and out.

Remember, today is a new day with new opportunities.

God is working in your life.

Take this verse with you. Your promise revives me. It comforts me in all my troubles.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

