---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 34
number: 34
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 34
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/50IxFFUAhOk1Mx1bLTJHAg?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
The way our mind typically works is that we're constantly analyzing and assessing. Our minds are naturally forming opinions and organizing thoughts. We place various levels of importance on everything that we see and hear. This means our minds are constantly in motion and constantly processing, which prevents our minds from ever truly resting.

By letting go of any judgment, we consciously step back from analyzing and assessing, and we simply observe. Let that sit with you as you settle into this meditation.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not be in want. He leads me beside quiet waters. He restores my soul.

And again, the Lord is my shepherd. I shall not be in want. He leads me beside quiet waters. He restores my soul.

Now, slowly begin to take some deep breaths, allowing the body to open.

Let the breath relax any areas of tightness in the body.

Consciously start to turn the muscles off.

Start with the muscles in the feet and the legs.

Allow the feet to be heavy on the floor.

Allow the chest and the back to open. So the breathing can become deep and natural.

Soften the shoulders. Allow them to fall away from the ears.

Let the head fall and become heavy at the neck.

Feel the weight of the body and how it pushes you down into the chair.

When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness to the sound of your breath.

Not changing anything about the breath, just noticing it.

Listening to the gentle rhythm of the inhales and exhales,

filling the body up with fresh air

and then slowly exhaling and letting go.

Let your mind be still.

Now, take a moment to be grateful for this opportunity to relax.

Notice how good it feels just to be here in this moment.

When it feels natural, begin to deepen the breath.

Let go of your worries and focus your attention on the breath.

Nothing else matters right now. You are here. There is nothing to do but relax.

Allow your body honor the natural calm given by God's presence.

Just listening to the breath. Noticing the rise and the fall of the chest.

Deep breath in, expanding the body. And then exhale, letting your awareness rest.

Take another deep breath as you feel your lungs expand.

And exhale, following the air back out through the mouth.

The thoughts may take you away, and that's okay.

With each breath, effortlessly, Rest into the arms of God.

Take this verse with you.

The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not be in want. He leads me beside quiet waters. He restores my soul.

Slowly bring your awareness back to the body. And when you feel ready, Allow your eyes to open. Take a moment to notice how your body feels. I hope you feel a little better. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer. Remember, be easy with yourself.

