---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 42
number: 42
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 42
embed: >-
  EMBED_GOES_HERE
---
As you focus and meditate on God, you become more connected with the universe. You become more connected with the family of God and more connected with God's creation. God connects us to everything in the universe because He is the creator of the universe. To bring more harmony and connection into your world today, let God fill your spirit.

with his words and presence. Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close like the sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.

And again, in the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. and the earth.

Now, bring your awareness to the space around the body,

not really examining it, just noticing the space with an easy curiosity.

Notice any sensations on the skin.

Feel the clothes on the skin.

Feel the temperature of the room.

Listen to the sounds. in the room.

Just a nice, easy focus on the sounds in the room.

Listen to the gentle sound of your breathing.

Notice the rise and the fall of the chest.

Maybe the breath is shallow, or maybe it's deep. Both are okay. Just follow the breath as it moves through your body.

Let the rhythm of your breath. Relax your mind.

This is a safe place. God is watching over you.

With ease, bring your attention to the breath.

Take a few nice, deep breaths.

Make them feel easy. And effortless.

Feel life enter your body as you breathe in,

and then release your tension as you breathe out.

Inhale, feel how the body expands, then slowly exhale, feeling the body fall.

Feel the air as it travels in through the nose, and follow the air back out through the mouth.

Allow each breath to soften the chest. and relax the shoulders.

Begin to scan the body from the head to the toe, relaxing the body piece by piece.

There's no way to do this wrong.

And now, for a few moments, allow your mind to do what it wants to do.

If it wants to think, then let it think. And if it wants to rest, then let it rest.

Take this verse with you. In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths, in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

