---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 38
number: 38
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 38
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/52qX3aMHQsBnNiVrAygxpH?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
When you meditate on the life of Jesus, you can feel your heart becoming more like His. You can discover a peace and tranquility that was not there before. You can release your worries and your fears. Your soul finds rest in the soothing tranquility of God's love. Remind yourself of that as you meditate today.

When you feel ready, go ahead and get comfortable in your position,

really allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, Let your eyes slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. He will feed his flock like a shepherd. He will carry the lambs in his arms, holding them close to his heart.

And again, he will feed his flock like a shepherd. He will carry the lambs in his arms. holding them close to his heart.

Now, bring your attention to the way it feels. When you breathe,

feel the stomach and the chest rise with each inhale,

and feel the body relax with each exhale,

in through the nose, out Feel the body expand and then slowly exhale.

Let the breath be natural. Let the breath naturally relax the body.

Allow the face and the neck to soften.

Allow the forehead to relax and the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Relax the body. And allow the chair to hold the body up,

just relaxing and letting the body unwind.

Simply let go.

Now bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness or stress lingering in the body. Slowly. Slowly.

Bring your attention to those areas of tightness and relax them piece by piece.

Feel the weight of your body in the chair.

As your body begins to relax, allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have. is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths.

There's no way to do this wrong

if the thoughts take you away. That's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

Take this verse with you. He will feed his flock like a shepherd. He will carry the lambs in his arms, holding them close to his heart.

Gently bring your awareness back to the feeling of the body. Notice the weight of the body on the chair, and when you feel ready, allow your eyes to open and take a nice, deep breath. Notice how your breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more in touch with God. We'll see you again next time, with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

