---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 82
number: 82
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 82
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/3qMpZT6oKxMu06BX4cCqBO?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
There are a lot of things in life that can hold us back. Maybe it's our expectations. Maybe it's our past hurts or resentments. Maybe it's expectations of others. When you let go of these things that hold you back and give it to God, you will always be moving forward to freedom. Okay, let's get started by allowing the body to relax.

And when you're ready, let your eyes close. Like the Sun sets.

Now take a moment to consider this verse. Are you weary, carrying a heavy burden? Then come to Me. I will refresh your life, for I am your oasis. And again. Are you

weary, carrying a heavy burden? Then come to Me. I will refresh your life. For I am your Oasis.

Now bring your attention to the way the body feels.

Just noticing any areas of tightness in the body.

If it feels comfortable, take a few nice deep breaths.

Allow your breath to loosen any areas of tightness in the body.

With each breath, allow a sense of calm to wash over your body.

Allow your body to totally release and let go.

Now, bring your attention to the top of the head.

Begin to soften the forehead, down the front of the face.

Relax the corners of the eyes.

Allow the neck to relax and the shoulders to fall away from the ears.

Relax the temples.

The legs are becoming heavy.

Feel the weight of the body.

Let your whole body soften and release.

Allow your mind to rest with the presence of God.

Now, bring your awareness to the feeling of the body.

Maybe there's some muscle tightness or stress lingering in the body.

Slowly bring your attention to those areas of tightness and relax them piece by piece

as your body begins to relax. Allow your mind to let go.

Give yourself permission to start fresh.

What is done is done. All you have is this moment.

This is a safe place. Release your thoughts to God.

When it feels comfortable, take a few nice, deep breaths.

Inhale, feel the chest rise, and exhale, feel the chest fall.

There's no way to do this wrong.

If the thoughts take you away, that's okay. When it feels comfortable, bring your awareness back to the feeling of the breath.

Take this verse with you. Are you weary, carrying a heavy burden? Then come to me. I will refresh your life, for I am your oasis.

When you feel ready, slowly bring your awareness back to the breath and allow your eyes to open. Take a few deep breaths, in through the nose and out through the mouth. Notice how you feel.

I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

