---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 267
number: 267
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 267
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/5wBWM6SoAu160W633HR5XS?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
Life has a way of separating us from intimacy, whether that's a deep connection with a partner, maybe even love for what we do, or just being with the splendor of the natural world around us. Intimacy requires slowness, awareness and intention.

As you rest into this meditation, allow yourself to slow down and connect with your inner most feelings and desires. Give yourself time to be intentional and appreciate your life.

Let's begin by loosening the shoulders and the chest.

And when you feel ready, just allow the eyes to slowly close.

Take a moment to consider this verse.

Trust in the Lord with all your heart. Do not depend on your own understanding,

and again, trust in the Lord with all your heart. Do not depend on your own understanding.

Now begin to soften the body and pay attention to the breath.

Now take a deep breath until the air reaches the top of the chest

and then slowly exhale.

Again, let your inhale be slow and expansive

and then exhale following the breath back out.

Allow your breath to settle and become natural.

Bring your attention. To any sounds in the room,

maybe the room is quiet or maybe it's not. Both are okay.

Just notice the sounds and accept them. As they are,

you're right where you need to be

in this moment. Everything is okay. God loves you.

This is a place of rest and safety.

Simply let go

gradually and with ease. Bring your awareness to rest on your breath.

Feel the body rise with each inhale,

and then allow your awareness to rest in a little more with each exhale.

Notice how with each breath, the body feels a little calmer.

Begin to notice the space around the body.

Feel the contact of the body on the chair and your feet on the floor.

When you feel comfortable, begin to scan the entire body to build up a picture of what the body feels like

piece by piece. Release any areas of tension.

Let go of your stress, let go of your anxiety.

You are exactly where you're meant to be.

Allow that natural rhythm of the breath to relax. You

let your breath guide you. To a place of safety in the presence of God.

You are accepted here. You are loved.

Take this verse with you. Trust in the Lord with all your heart. Do not depend on your own understanding.

Slowly begin to bring your awareness back to the body. Maybe even move your fingers and toes a little bit when it feels natural. Allow your eyes to slowly open. Take another big, deep breath in and let it out with a sigh. Notice how you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow with Hope, mindfulness, and prayer.

