---
image: /assets/img/daily-hope-default-artwork.png
title: Daily Hope 155
number: 155
categories:
  - Daily Hope
author: Hope Staff
notes: Daily Hope 155
embed: >-
  <iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/episode/51vqhSXiUl89XxkNmvvZug?utm_source=generator" width="100%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>
---
So much of our existence is focused on satisfying the self. But the truth is, that part of us is never really satisfied. It's always trying to occupy more. When we chase the self, we'll always be left short and wanting more. But, when you relax and accept things as they are, God can move in your life. It's almost as if letting go allows God to give you what you could have never received on your own.

Let go. Allow God to do for you what you can't do for yourself.

Let's begin by noticing the weight of the body.

Allowing the body to relax. into the chair.

And as the body begins to relax, allow your eyes to close.

Take a moment to consider this verse. This is my commandment. Love each other in the same way I have loved you.

And again, this is my commandment. Love each other in the same way I have loved you.

Bring your attention to any emotions you're carrying with you.

Not engaging with your feelings, just noticing them.

Almost like you're observing your emotions and then letting them go.

Just like loosening your grip, you're letting go of those feelings.

Let God handle whatever is out of your control.

This is a place of acceptance and safety. You can always find rest in God.

Now, begin to notice. How your body feels

When it feels comfortable Begin to consciously relax the body

Scanning down from your head to your toes Release any areas of tension in the body

Surrender all of your stress and all of your responsibilities and Just let your mind Rest.

You are safe. God is looking out for you.

Now, gently bring your awareness to the breath. Allow your breath to deepen and fill the lungs.

Big, deep breath in, and then taking twice as long on the exhale.

Let the inhale come easily and effortlessly.

And then exhale, controlling the breath.

Allow yourself to be here in this moment.

This is all that matters right now.

Whatever you need to let go of, let it go. Release it to God.

Today is a new day with new opportunities.

Allow your breath to renew your spirit and connect you to your Creator. who loves you.

Deep breath in through the nose and out through the mouth.

Remember, this is a place of love. Let this practice be whatever you need it to be. God's calming presence is always accessible to you.

Let your awareness rest in the loving presence of God.

Take this verse with you. This is my commandment. Love each other in the same way I have loved you.

When it feels easy, bring your attention back to the feeling of the breath. Take a few more deep breaths and slowly allow your eyes to open. Notice how the breath changes the way you feel. I hope you feel a little more relaxed. We'll see you again tomorrow. Take care of yourself.

